ryan gosling and emma stone [UNK] in [UNK] la la land the new york times .
the creator of atari has launched a new vr company [UNK] [UNK] .
philippine mayor accused of drug links by duterte is killed by police new york times .
standing rock [UNK] over . the fight is about more than just the pipeline .
10-times deported mexican man accused of raping a child on a bus .
trump calls for revoking flag burners citizenship . court rulings forbid it . thank you @realdonaldtrump .
the ceasefire in aleppo has been underway by [UNK] [UNK] .
i went undercover with a militia on the us-mexico border .
how trump reshaped the election map the new york times .
trump meets with new york times , in 12 tweets .
judge declares mistrial in trial of ray tensing , who faced murder charges for death of sam dubose .
[UNK] is the last day to register to vote in new york .
retweeted fox news video shows north carolina officer body-slamming a 15-year-old girl .
astronomers unveil incredibly detailed new map of milky way .
how donald trump talks about the rest of america when he & rsquo ; s with his buddies .
every 7 seconds , a young girl becomes a bride , report says .
the darkest , most devastating pixar short of all time .
black friday online sales to hit a record-breaking $ [UNK] , over $ 1 billion from mobile .
bernie sanders where the democrats go from here .
teaching [UNK] in a total mess of an election season .
thousands take to streets in major cities to protest trump election .
princeton calls its men 's swimming and diving team after [UNK] [UNK] .
the police use facial recognition tools with little oversight , study says .
junko tabei , first woman to conquer everest , dies at 77 .
clinton is a ' moral , ethical choice ' @cnnpolitics .
retweeted fox news activist groups stoke fears , raise funds off incoming trump administration .
fake us embassy in ghana shut down after issuing illegally obtained authentic visas for decade state department says .
retweeted [UNK] [UNK] for people with cancer , a clinical trial can be a lifeline .
new polls show tight clinton-trump race nationally @cnnpolitics .
new york times election front pages through the new york times .
boss tells pro-trump employees to resign if you voted for donald trump .
nypd officer dies , another wounded in bronx shootout via the @foxnews app .
eric trump may have broken law with ballot tweet @cnnpolitics .
trump picks wall street lawyer jay clayton , who defended big banks , to lead sec .
obama says no foreign terror [UNK] has attacked us in 8 years .
12 books to read in your 20s .
rockettes not required to dance at trump inauguration , company says .
latest news update from luisa florez . researchers accidentally turn carbon dioxide into ethanol .
voice shaking , michelle obama calls trump comments on women intolerable .
chibok girls students reunite with families in nigeria .
killer whale at center of ' blackfish ' dies via jusswaggtv .
trump derides intel briefing on ' so-called ' russian hacking '' property .
agony of earth 's hottest year i miss that cold-cold weather .
vesna vulovic , flight attendant who survived jetliner blast , dies at 66 .
celebrate hamilton day , an even better math holiday than pi day .
leon russell , hit maker and musicians musician , dies at 74 .
cnn 's zucker must come [UNK] clean on brazile probe .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
an oklahoma newspaper endorsed clinton . it hasnt been forgiven .
trump says he will remove himself completely from his businesses to focus on presidency .
colin powell says hell vote for clinton .
amazon makes good on its promise to delete '' incentivized '' reviews .
alaska , reliant on air transit , faces pilot shortage . are drones an answer ?
trending techcrunch news @mikeyuhn twitter 's sales team may take a hit .
donald trump settles trump university lawsuits .
trump to interview exxonmobil ceo for secretary of state #usefulupdates check it out here .
three mobile cyber hack six million customers ' private information at risk .
man armed with assault rifle detained at d.c. pizza restaurant , police say .
russia 's ambassador to turkey in ankara via cnnbrk cnn retweet .
recounts barely making dent in election results ; trump gains in wisconsin .
dems target eight trump nominees in bid to delay process , get picks to disclose more info .
the reasons why twitter wo n't let anyone save vine .
mars is about to get new inhabitants , both in orbit and its surface .
snoop dogg slams colin kaepernick for castro praise , says choose between football , revolution .
maine passed an [UNK] way to vote .
syria ceasefire takes effect russian president vladimir putin has announced a ceasefire between the syrian .
top [UNK] story genetic heart disease risk eased by healthy habits , [UNK] .
nigel farage , donald trump hold meeting '' property .
donald trump 's own lawyers admit that there was no fraud in the presidential election .
1 patient , 7 tumors and 100 billion cells equal 1 striking recovery .
andy murray becomes world number one after raonic withdraws from paris masters .
clinton tells fundraisers fbi comey letter sank presidential bid via the @foxnews android app .
reuters finds lead levels higher than flints in thousands of locales new york times .
senate votes to extend sanctions iran for a decade .
paul beatty becomes the first american to win the man booker prize with his racial satire the sellout .
obama takes new action to ban arctic drilling @cnnpolitics .
can your own immune system kill cancer ?
carrie fisher says she and harrison ford had an affair on the set of star wars .
iowa police arrest suspect in ambush killings of two officers .
judge rebukes florida 's top election official @cnnpolitics .
france urges uk to take more children after the '' jungle '' shuts into the calais .
obama vows action against russia for hacks via cnnbrk cnn retweet .
va hospital left deceased veteran in shower room for 9 hours , report finds .
mexico city holds first day of the dead parade .
clinton tells fundraisers fbi comey letter sank presidential bid via the @foxnews android app .
instagram will let creators add url links , tag friends , and create boomerangs in stories .
5 things to think about before buying your child a cell phone for christmas .
kathleen kane , former pennsylvania attorney general , is sentenced to prison new york times .
the married journalist who rejected trumps advances ? he tried to fire her .
william christopher , father mulcahy on ' m * a * s * h , dies @cnn .
std rates reach record high in united states #usefulupdates check it out here .
it really is insane that trump got away with not releasing his tax returns .
the creator of atari has launched a new vr company called [UNK] .
prince harry denounces media coverage of his girlfriend , meghan markle .
air pollution kills 600,000 children [UNK] #environment [UNK] @cnn .
multiple people dead in airport shooting , sheriff says .
us abstains in key israel vote , clearing way for condemnation of settlements .
labor secretary pick is 4th top trump figure who 's been accused of assaulting women .
carrier to ultimately cut some of jobs trump saved .
alan thicke , reassuring father on growing pains , dies at 69 .
the art of the art of the scam .
donald trump calls for an investigation into leaked russias efforts to help him win election .
us , turkey agree to [UNK] plan to seize de facto isis capital of raqqa in syria .
abc news staged crime-scene shot , photo shows .
man coughed and heaved for 13 minutes during execution #usefulupdates check it out here .
more than 160 republican leaders dont support donald trump . heres when they reached their breaking point .
starbucks ceo howard schultz to step down .
1,000 clinton-petraeus emails missing from records sent to state , fbi files show .
is donald trump already walking away from campaign promises ?
starburst ventures closes $ 200 million debut fund to back space tech [UNK] .
the aclu is receiving an outpouring of support . heres what we plan on doing around the world .
donald trump is picking his cabinet . heres a shortlist . the new york times .
worries over health of king bhumibol adulyadej thailand .
china bans its ivory trade , moving against elephant poaching the new york times .
male birth control shot found effective , but study cut study finds it 's birth effects .
obama 's gift to trump a ' pretty solid ' economy .
donald trump finds improbable ally in wikileaks new york times .
trump names his kids [UNK] to transition team .
trending techcrunch news @mikeyuhn monese raises $ 10m series a for its banking .
6 books to help understand trumps win .
donald trump is an emotional weakling . here & rsquo ; s how to manipulate him .
while you were n't looking , trump released a plan to privatize americas roads and [UNK] .
gop leaders created the myth of the '' rigged vote . now [UNK] trying to [UNK] from it .
3 players with chapecoense members in 2 crew members and a journalist survived the plane crash in colombia .
oregon standoff all defendants found not guilty .
retweeted fox news politics clinton advisers point fingers at huma abedin , inner .
meet dot , the new children 's show character inspiring girls to embrace tech .
rodrigo duterte says donald trump endorses his violent antidrug campaign .
top [UNK] story mobile internet use passes desktop for the first time .
trump names carl icahn as adviser on [UNK] [UNK] wall street [UNK] .
in [UNK] valley , healthy food everywhere but on the table .
why its not wrong to wish muslims merry christmas .
trump team responds to alt-right leader via jusswaggtv .
jon stewart recounts his twitter war with trump .
positive ratings for president obama as he exits via the @foxnews android app .
kathleen kane , former pennsylvania attorney general , is sentenced to prison new york times .
hillary clinton presses her advantage over a struggling donald trump .
a berlin square where the prewar , postwar and modern eras coexist new york times .
the rooms they left behind new york times .
us abstains as un demands resolution to end israeli settlements new york times .
i can not lie , rodrigo duterte says , confirming he did kill people as mayor .
i 'm not a gang member . i have a criminal record .
the lawyer who became duponts worst nightmare new york times .
portland police say anti-trump protest is ' riot ' [UNK] .
famed anti-vietnam war activist dies tom hayden , a peace activist whose radical views help .
meet dot , the new children 's show character inspiring girls to embrace tech .
carlos alberto brazil legend dies aged 72 .
hillary clinton 's lead in popular vote nears 2 million @cnnpolitics .
winnie-the-pooh gets a new friend '' property .
berlin police says 9 dead and many injured .
trump wants to drain the swamp , but change will be complex and costly .
trump urges obama to veto un resolution [UNK] israeli settlements .
i had a scary dream about donald trump muslim parents face a tense election .
trump to nominate rep. tom price for hhs secretary @cnnpolitics .
pope extends power to forgive abortion '' property .
facebook launches augmented reality selfie '' masks '' for live video .
a call to action for journalists covering president trump .
medical and health news that stuck with us in 2016 .
[UNK] projected by abc news for @realdonaldtrump .
george soros pledges $ 10 million to fight hate crimes .
gordon hamilton , climate scientist , dies in accident in antarctica .
the new york times police arrest suspect in killing of unarmed black man .
i 'm ' embarrassed ' by the campaign via jusswaggtv .
police fire rubber bullets as pipeline protesters try to protect burial site .
woman thrown in front of subway train is killed , police say new york times .
trumps voters dont support deportation , and other surprises from the exit polls .
russia requires apple and google to remove linkedin from local app stores .
puts clinton 's chance of winning at [UNK] % .
the new york times we need a latino spring in this country .
latest unpaid trump vendor is his own pollster , filing shows .
tasmanian [UNK] milk fights superbugs .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
donald trump is picking his cabinet . heres a shortlist . the new york times .
apologizes for haitis cholera epidemic without noting it brought the disease .
megyn kelly leaving fox news for nbc news via jusswaggtv .
there are two trillion galaxies in the universe . they 're so [UNK] .
donald trump is appealing a court order that let that sink in .
cbc [UNK] podcast app makers , argues that rss readers violate copyright .
emotions run high in final days of the campaign .
wisconsin clinton campaign will join jill stein 's campaign 's push for a recount in .
dow zooms over 1,000 points since trump victory #usefulupdates check it out here .
pan pan , father to a generation of pandas , dies in china .
airpr raises $ 5m to bring more [UNK] to pr .
denouncing trump as a liar [UNK] among point of authoritarian propaganda [UNK] .
doubts about the promised bounty of genetically modified crops .
twitter still might save vine by selling it .
retweeted cnn breaking news new spider species discovered by indian scientists named after harry .
more democrats should be talking like harry reid right now .
november 24 , 2016 at [UNK] pm missing woman found chained ' like a dog .
hillary clinton leads by 5 heading in to final two weeks .
oakland fire was a rare mass casualty blaze . fire codes help explain why .
zsa zsa gabor dies at 99 #usefulupdates check it out here .
first exit polls voters are n't excited about clinton or trump .
time mag brands trump a ' huckster , ' calls clinton ' an american moses .
the new york times canada probes mysterious arctic pinging noise .
chelynn world news isis commander killed in mosul , iraqi sources says .
mike rowe to flag-burning students if you hate america , do n't accept federal aid !
michigan unemployment agency under gov . rick snyder made 20,000 false fraud accusations .
the fed raises interest rates by [UNK] % the new york times .
another woman says trump reached under her skirt and groped her in early 1990s .
retweeted fox news suspect captured after 2 iowa officers killed in ambush-style attacks .
with trumps win silicon valley investors start losing their minds .
russia requires apple and google to remove linkedin from local app stores .
china orders xinjiang residents to surrender passports to police '' property .
the lives they lived remembering those we lost in the past year .
cities vow to fight trump on immigration , even if they lose millions .
more democrats should be talking like harry reid right now .
trump will be the only world leader to deny climate change is real .
silicon valleys culture , not its companies , dominates in china .
8 dead , 24 others wounded in chicago shootings .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
trumps electoral college victory ranks [UNK] in [UNK] elections .
ditch the resolutions , @jenniferweiner says . try revolution instead .
trump is said to offer interior job to ryan zinke , montana lawmaker new york times .
donald trumps victory was built on unique coalition of white voters .
judge extends florida voter registration deadline until october 18 '' property .
obama to dismantle [UNK] visitor registry before trump can revive it .
jon stewart recounts his twitter war with trump .
greek police use tear gas , stun grenades to quell anti-obama protesters in athens via the @foxnews app .
gordon hamilton , climate scientist , dies in accident in antarctica .
fort lauderdale airport shooting five people shot dead by florida gunman .
all tesla cars built from today have all hardware needed for full self-driving .
there are two trillion galaxies in the universe . they 're so many of the [UNK] most [UNK] .
trending techcrunch news @mikeyuhn estonia 's funderbeam is building a blockchain-based '' .
peter thiel donating $ 1.25 million to donald trump 's campaign .
a whale has taken up residence in the hudson river .
issues where trumps cabinet picks and most americans [UNK] .
clinton leads trump by 7 points via jusswaggtv .
house gop votes to gut independent ethics office .
trump saved jobs at carrier by making the same deal american politicians always make .
rodrigo duterte of philippines calls u.n. human rights chief an idiot the new york times .
appeals court rules in favor of trump campaign on ohio voter intimidation .
retweeted fox news soldier in army jacket parade , family says .
this pill could make your dog live longer .
billy bush suspended from ' today ' show billy bush suspended from ' today ' show .
how one 19-year-old illinois man is distorting national polling averages .
sorry , north carolina , but you do n't really count as a democracy anymore .
gop on brink of new cold war over whether to work with russia .
army blocks drilling of dakota access oil pipeline new york times .
donald trumps victory , on front pages worldwide .
wikileaks is '' disgraceful , '' should be like death penalty or something .
here 's who and who is not performing at trumps inauguration '' property .
how hip-hop turned on donald trump and settled for hillary clinton in 2016 .
carrie fisher says she and harrison ford had an affair on the set of star wars .
new york city asks u.s. to pay trump security costs ; puts first bill at $ 35 million .
carl paladino , trump ally , wishes obama should be let loose in the outback of zimbabwe .
how trump reshaped the election map the new york times .
it 's time to end the electoral college .
who likes trump [UNK] new pick for top white house strategist .
why you should let your dog lick your face .
australian police thwart attack possibly planned for christmas day @cnn .
beware , iphone users fake retail apps are surging before holidays .
debbie reynolds dies one day after daughter carrie fisher died .
jared kushner talks of a trump tv network with a media deal maker .
trumps threat to jail clinton also targets democracys institutions [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] .
some in fbi ' actively working ' to help #donaldtrump .
gop leaders created the myth of the '' rigged vote . now [UNK] trying to [UNK] from it .
leonard cohen dead at 82 via [UNK] [UNK] .
peter thiel donating $ 1.25 million to donald trump 's campaign .
judge extends florida voter registration deadline until october 18 '' property .
why light bulbs may be the next hacker target .
in less than four minutes , saturday night live shows exactly how trump breaks the media .
sports of the times at liberty university , all sins are forgiven on the altar of greed .
watch kate mckinnon perform leonard cohens hallelujah .
13 people killed , 31 injured in california tour bus crash in palm springs .
clinton focuses on pushing turnout headed into election day .
trump allies focus anger on another target '' property .
2016 was the year white liberals realized how unjust , racist & amp ; sexist america is .
the new blue and red educational split is replacing the culture war .
xoon , a '' click '' language , is believed to have the largest sound language .
david plouffe what i got wrong about the election .
famed anti-vietnam war activist dies tom hayden , a peace activist whose radical views help .
serial killer port found guilty of murdering a [UNK] man who he met on a [UNK] [UNK] .
trump calls cost of f-35 fighter jet out of control the new york times .
hillary clinton likely received more votes than any presidential candidate [UNK] obama .
vatican issues new guidelines on cremation , says no to scattering ashes .
conservatives who insisted that electing trump president would be a terrible mistake are now seeing the upside .
judge extends florida voter registration deadline until october 18 '' property .
istanbul reina nightclub attack ' leaves 39 dead .
investigators [UNK] where woman found chained inside shipping container .
trumps threat to jail clinton also targets democracys institutions [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] .
abc news staged crime-scene shot , photo shows .
at least 9 are dead after fire at warehouse party in oakland .
an amazing interview with a guy who called fake news .
china bans its ivory trade , moving against elephant poaching the new york times .
biden on weiner i 'm not a big fan ' '' property .
no , you ca n't vote by text message @cnnpolitics .
calls to crisis , suicide prevention hotlines surge post-election .
twitter says it will suspend trump 's account if he violates ; facebook says it wo n't : .
what kids wish their teachers knew what kids wish their teachers knew .
men do n't want jobs done mostly by women .
at least 25 people were killed in an earthquake that struck indonesia 's aceh province wednesday morning local .
bowe bergdahl , facing desertion trial , asks obama for pardon .
spree of obama actions revives gop concerns over midnight regs , agenda .
wikileaks releases transcripts of clinton goldman sachs speeches about god damn time .
fearing trump , bar association [UNK] report calling him a libel bully .
trump calls clinton vote recount effort ' ridiculous , ' a ' scam .
justice department to track use of force by police across u.s. new york times .
what does donald trump do when he thinks no one 's looking ? watch this find out .
trump transition asks 4 names of those working @ state 2 counter extremism .
at least 12 dead , 48 injured after truck plows into berlin christmas market in apparent terror attack .
[UNK] top mormons in all-out revolt against donald trump .
two minutes ' silence marks day of national remembrance .
hillary clinton 's lead in popular vote nears 2 million @cnnpolitics .
trump effect ? after carrier pledge to keep jobs in us , more companies may follow .
for fact-checking website snopes , a bigger role brings more attacks .
rex tillerson 's company , exxon , has billions at stake over sanctions on russia .
former nfl player kevin turner diagnosed with cte .
broken promises of genetically modified crops new york times .
australian police thwart attack possibly planned for christmas day @cnn .
we are not planning on erecting a deportation force ' @cnnpolitics .
trump showed once again that this race is and has always been about his ego .
journalism faces an ' existential crisis ' in trump era '' property .
trent partridge clinton ' has to go to jail .
child refugees in turkey making clothes for uk [UNK] @bbcworld .
trump announces that masayoshi son , ceo of softbank , has agreed to invest $ 50 billion .
musk on tesla network its not tesla vs . uber , its the people vs .
how stable are democracies ? warning signs are flashing red .
backtrace , a debugging startup led by former appnexus engineers , raises $ 5m .
kellyanne conway 's husband on short list for top us lawyer job @cnnpolitics .
russian officials were in contact with trump campaign , diplomat says .
why its not wrong to wish muslims merry christmas .
i 'm with @berniesanders . the next dnc chair should be @keithellison . add your name here .
uber 's self-driving truck delivers its first payload .
danny elfman [UNK] scores a video [UNK] footage of trump [UNK] behind hillary clinton .
hurricane matthew toll climbs to at least 17 as north carolina [UNK] record-breaking flooding .
retweeted fox news california history teacher placed on leave after comparing trump to hitler .
poll finds clinton and trump tied in utah as a potential spoiler surges .
judge jeanine slams obama why are you so obsessed with russia ?
trumps election leaves angela merkel as the liberal [UNK] last defender .
trump claims credit for $ 50 billion investment by japanese firm .
as ratings plummet , n.f.l. considers reducing ads and length of games new york times .
trump kicks off ' thank you tour rally .
theresa may scolds kerry for focus on israel settlements .
lets not be divided . divided people are easier to rule .
chelynn world news harry reid comey may have violated the hatch act .
us is sending 200 more troops to syria to help fight isis .
facebook scores big in q3 earnings $ 7.01 b revenue and 1.79 b users .
u.s. navy destroyer fired on again in international waters off the coast of yemen .
take this quiz and stop drinking bottled water not this quiz .
hollywood is living in a bubble ' and stars should n't talk politics .
florida airport [UNK] may have heard voices urging violence , officials say .
apple removes new york times apps from its store in china .
5 things to think about before buying your child a cell phone for christmas .
facebook , microsoft , twitter and youtube collaborate to remove terrorist content .
the strain in american-israeli relations is dividing jews in united states .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
trump 's tax plan would add to debt and hillary clintons wouldnt , study finds .
outlines plan for first 100 days [UNK] , rant at a new business [UNK] .
is america a failed state and society ? check it out here .
samantha bee calls out white people & amp ; specifically white women for ruining america .
will ban websites that host fake news ?
clinton is a ' moral , ethical choice ' @cnnpolitics .
a new study shows how religious experiences can activate the same reward systems in your brain .
in buying the home of hbo and cnn , at & t to buy time warner .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
stephen colbert and john oliver trade [UNK] discuss donald trump 's election .
trump is angry at nbc news for using this photo of him , so please do n't use this enhanced
bakersfield police shoot unarmed 73-year-old man fatally blame .
internet-destroying outages were caused by '' amateurish '' iot malware / boing boing .
why pop culture just cant deal with black male sexuality .
north korea preparing for another ballistic missile launch updated .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
i would have voted for trump proves he did n't vote .
russia 's reportedly been cultivating relationship with trump for five years .
you rarely [UNK] , but 1m people chill live on houseparty .
facebook scores big in q3 earnings $ 7.01 b revenue and 1.79 b users .
two years after super-hack of us secrets , wh agency getting worse at cyber-defense via the @foxnews app .
new cutting-edge $ 4b navy destroyer malfunctions in panama canal @cnnpolitics .
clinton leads trump , two new polls show @cnnpolitics .
paul beatty becomes the first american to win the man booker prize with his racial satire the sellout .
alaska , reliant on air transit , faces pilot shortage . are drones an answer ?
lego boost teaches kids to bring blocks to life with code .
medicaid funding to end for planned parenthood in texas , new york times .
thailand 's king bhumibol adulyadej , dies at 88 .
762 murders in 12 months 2016 the deadliest year in nearly 2 decades .
tim cook explains to apple employees why he met with trump .
in china - u.s. trade war , trump would have weapons the new york times .
kansas approvingly cites dred scott to explain why it can ban abortion .
harry reid trump 's election '' sparked a rise in hate crimes & amp ; threats of violence .
1 on the list of how to be a better in 2017 live like bill cunningham .
pan pan , father to a generation of pandas , dies in china .
retweeted fox news king bhumibol adulyadej took the throne shortly after world war .
romania set for first female , and first muslim , prime minister .
retweeted fox news hundreds support christian florist fined for refusing to work gay .
trump says the u.s. should expand its nuclear [UNK] the new york times .
google 's jamboard is a huge digital whiteboard for collaboration .
5 reasons not to worry about a ' rigged ' election [UNK] .
here 's how hillary clinton spent the morning after her concession .
rip gwen ifill , award-winning political reporter and author , dies at 61 .
trump ' irritated ' by kellyanne conway 's attacks on mitt romney .
a berlin square where the prewar , postwar and modern eras coexist new york times .
ebola evolved into deadlier enemy during the african epidemic .
top story 16 of the years best actors classic film-noir looks .
exxon c.e.o. said to be top contender for secretary of state ; giuliani is out of the race .
frank [UNK] mysterious return with an explanation . heres our interview with him .
north carolina gop condemns kkk parade honoring trump .
trump calls for revoking flag burners citizenship . court rulings forbid it . thank you @realdonaldtrump .
four more charged in flint water crisis .
trump says he 's turning away ' billions president-elect donald trump said he 's turning away ' billions .
woman says she found a rat sewn into her zara dress @cnn .
top [UNK] story genetic heart disease risk eased by healthy habits , [UNK] .
leonard cohen , epic and enigmatic songwriter , is dead at 82 new york times .
jeff koons is giving sculpture to paris to remember terror victims .
mall santa loses job for telling girl hillary clinton on naughty list via the @foxnews app .
donald trump arrives at @whitehouse for transition talks with president obama .
megyn kelly tells tales out of fox news in her memoir , settle for more the truth [UNK] .
studio ghibli 's michiyo yasuda has died , aged 77 . some of her legendary work .
fearing trump , bar association [UNK] report calling him a libel bully .
trump sexual assault allegations the floodgates are open .
as a black woman in journalism , gwen ifill spent her stellar career proving people wrong .
merkel 's call for burqa ban in germany draws backlash .
warren buffett on president-elect trump he deserves everybody 's respect .
what to do when you 're confronted with offensive speech .
top story from techcrunch dhs just published '' strategic principles '' .
the day a college football player stood alone to honor america via the @foxnews [UNK] .
romania set for first female , and first muslim , prime minister .
the battle for mosul has displaced almost 70,000 people . roughly half of them are children .
singapore to trial driverless buses after successful shuttle pilot .
china agrees to return seized drone , pentagon says new york times .
coke and pepsi give millions to public health , then lobby against it .
at least 10 electors demand intelligence briefing before electoral college vote .
jury acquits leaders of oregon standoff of federal charges .
dakota access oil pipeline protesters vow to stay camped on federal land .
all this talk of voter fraud ? across u.s. , officials found next to none .
shelter in place lifted , shelter in place closed , classes cancelled .
the 2nd avenue subway is scheduled to open in december .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
cut ties to donald trump , big donors [UNK] [UNK] .
attackers open fire at nightclub in istanbul via nyt the new york times .
pentagon confronts a new threat from [UNK] .
berlin police says 9 dead and many injured .
trump derides intel briefing on ' so-called ' russian hacking '' property .
at & t agrees to buy time warner for around $ 80 billion .
miss washington 2013 says donald trump groped her .
i was n't offended ' by message of ' hamilton ' cast @cnnpolitics nice response from [UNK] .
13 people killed in california tour bus crash @cnn .
donald trump says he may keep parts of obama health care act .
bloody weekend more than 40 shot in chicago , grim [UNK] hit via the @foxnews app .
if you love '' when harry met sally & amp ; few days off , consider this itinerary .
another woman says trump reached under her skirt and groped her in early 1990s .
reversing course fracking can contaminate drinking water .
more than 160 republican leaders dont support donald trump . heres when they reached their breaking point .
[UNK] [UNK] trapped in '' labyrinth of his own making .
the new york timess lawyer responds to donald trump .
when sexual assault happens on flights have little idea what to do .
director of national intelligence james clapper submitted his letter of resignation .
retweeted cnn breaking news china 's foreign minister calls trump-tsai phone call '' a .
boko haram releases 21 girls kidnapped from school in chibok , nigeria says .
donald trumps big bet on less educated whites .
carrie fisher says she and harrison ford had an affair on the set of star wars .
the lives they lived remembering those we lost in the past year .
investigators believe a plane crash that killed a student pilot was intentional , a federal official said wednesday .
federal judge extends florida voter registration deadline a federal court has extended florida 's voter .
latest news update from luisa florez . researchers accidentally turn carbon dioxide into ethanol .
trump transition team targets [UNK] civil [UNK] attended climate change [UNK] .
latest news update from luisa florez . chelsea manning tried committing suicide a second time in october .
russia 's ambassador to turkey assassinated in ankara @cnn .
leak reveals rex tillerson was director of bahamas-based us-russian oil firm .
fake story about obamas , hillary ensnares sean hannity .
hillary clinton calls fake news ' an epidemic ' #usefulupdates check it out here .
donald trump is an emotional weakling . here & rsquo ; s how to manipulate him .
bbc news indian actor om puri dies aged 66 .
chelynn world news revelers spilled into the streets of miami after the fidel castro .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
teslas new solar roof tiles and home battery are such a big deal .
abedin reportedly pleads ignorance of how emails got on shared laptop .
the stolen supreme court seat new york times .
hotel project would revive [UNK] of jet age at kennedy airport .
i was speaking spanish on the phone a few min ago .
more than 160 republican leaders dont support donald trump . heres when they reached their breaking point .
rockettes not required to dance at trump inauguration , company says .
donald trump agrees to pay $ 25 million in trump university settlement .
secretary of state @johnkerry is under fire for his blunt speech taking aim at the israeli government .
reading fake news , pakistani minister directs nuclear threat at israel .
it really is insane that trump got away with not releasing his tax returns .
oh great , ransomware is infecting smart tvs now .
what does a president-elect trump mean for silicon valley ?
help stop whining about fake news ?
viewing fidel castro is a [UNK] of [UNK] .
hurricane matthew 's brutal aftermath in haiti , in new york times .
matthew leaves 14 dead in us ; 7 killed in north carolina amid severe flooding .
boss tells pro-trump employees to resign if you voted for donald trump .
serial killer port found guilty of murdering a [UNK] man who he met on a [UNK] [UNK] .
the new york times i hardly expected my letter to donald trump to go viral .
donald trump ' grabbed me and went for the lips ' , says ninth accuser .
florence henderson , tv 's carol brady , dies at 82 .
what 's awaiting the next u.s. president ? a splintered middle east in free fall .
donald trump claims , with no evidence , that millions of people voted illegally .
trump says us to quit tpp on first day in office .
rip gwen ifill , award-winning political reporter and author , dies at 61 .
the [UNK] alt right conspiracy image generator .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
we 're giving all readers unlimited access to for 72 hours .
north carolina gov . pat mccrory concedes race via jusswaggtv .
weebly stolen weebly hacked , 43 million credentials stolen .
retweeted cbs news taipei times reported that '' taiwan-friendly campaign staff '' .
audience members walk out on amy schumer after trump criticisms new york times .
fort lauderdale airport multiple shot dead ' by florida gunman .
reading fake news , pakistani minister directs nuclear threat at israel .
donald trump asserted the russia effect had no effect on the u.s. election .
hong kong court bars [UNK] lawmakers from office new york times .
is donald trump already walking away from campaign promises ?
today top story zuckerberg implies facebook is a media company , just not a [UNK] .
ex-nfl star darren sharper sentenced to 20 years in prison as rape victims in l.a. speak out .
enough with the tweets , chinas state media tells trump .
trump picks elaine chao for transportation secretary draining the swamp .
hillary clinton 's lead in popular vote nears 2 million @cnnpolitics .
bmw signs on to develop in-car ai and iot services with ibm 's watson .
jeremy lin is asian . that 's the whole joke .
donald trump cancels new york times meeting and [UNK] [UNK] with the press .
leon russell , hit maker and musicians musician new york times .
60 law enforcement officers fatally shot this year , 20 in ambushes via the @foxnews android app .
dylann roof killed 9 in mental carolina .
donald trump is picking his cabinet . heres a shortlist . the new york times .
[UNK] democrats have a road map for success in trumps america . it was written by jesse jackson .
enough with the tweets , chinas state media tells trump .
the fall of a leaf in autumn is an orchestrated death . a complex , beautiful .
latest news update from luisa florez . researchers accidentally turn carbon dioxide into ethanol .
depression is rising among teen girls #usefulupdates check it out here .
tweeted times latest twitter finally stops counting usernames against reply [UNK] .
have you ordered your #bekind shirt to show the new york times cyber bullying ?
white house said it . did n't want to interfere with the election election .
being american in the trump years new york times .
6 children killed in school school bus crash .
the top books of 2016 the new york times .
macy 's is closing 68 stores , cutting 10,000 jobs .
[UNK] and the bitter fight to inherit it .
the [UNK] of conflicts of interest facing the trump presidency .
the democratic party establishment is finished . what a joke .
for the first time ever , women make up the majority of u.s. law schools .
donald trump 's ex-wife ivana wants to be ambassador to czech republic .
today top story zuckerberg implies facebook is a media company , just not a [UNK] .
we should be grateful that our brains allow us to be elsewhere .
nd to block supplies from pipeline protesters ' camp following ' emergency .
california professor caught on video calling trump 's election ' terrorism .
trumps campaign is imploding . but at his rallies , the man is still king .
fbi sends letter to congress saying email review completed , decision not to prosecute clinton stands .
new cutting-edge $ 4b navy destroyer malfunctions in panama canal @cnnpolitics .
how russia and turkey brokered peace in syria and sidelined the us .
magnitude 6.9 earthquake strikes off fukushima in japan , triggering [UNK] via the @foxnews app .
gop senators challenge trump over secretary of state prospect 's russia ties .
melania proves she 's almost as despicable as her husband in fawning cnn interview .
we need to clean this up clinton aide cried foul on obama 's email denial .
jury finds reporter , rolling stone responsible for defaming u-va . dean with gang rape story .
why rudy giuliani shouldnt be secretary of state new york times editorial .
a time for refusal . it 's a time for refusal .
tom hayden , civil rights and antiwar activist turned [UNK] , dies at 76 .
tesla and solarcity made this whole island solar-powered in under a year .
trump star on hollywood walk of fame is smashed the new york times .
self driving cars causing reduction in accidents , will exacerbate organ donation shortages .
donald trump is picking his cabinet . heres a shortlist . the new york times .
even math teachers are at a loss to understand annuities .
google 's ai created its own form of encryption .
fbi backs cia view that russia intervened to help trump win election .
trump deposition over battle against chef jos andrs #usefulupdates check it out here .
judge rebukes florida 's top election official @cnnpolitics .
germany calls for ban on combustion engine cars by 2030 .
berlin [UNK] , destruction so complete that it obliterates even a sense of time .
oregon standoff all defendants found not guilty .
the most-read stories of 2016 the new york times .
made '' identity '' its word of the year .
ny times newtop story homeland security officials have accepted nearly $ 15 million in bribes .
thailand 's king bhumibol adulyadej , dies at 88 .
how much is it worth to hold your newborn ? new york times .
trump sexual assault allegations the floodgates are open .
trump picks campaign adviser friedman as us ambassador to israel #usefulupdates check it out here .
cities are cutting public transportation because they think uber will fill the gap . [UNK] it [UNK] .
miss universe alicia trump ' told me that i looked ugly and ugly ' and called me names .
how trump 's calls to world leaders are upsetting decades of diplomacy .
voice shaking , michelle obama calls trump comments on women intolerable .
trump avoided paying millions of medicare taxes , too .
afghanistan 's vice president is accused of assaulting rival and taking him hostage .
maybe dont grab her by anything [UNK] particularly her brains .
demonetization is mostly hurting people who are n't its intended targets .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
obama plans farewell speech from chicago new york times .
one small step for nasa , one giant leap for gifs new york times .
colombia and rebels sign new peace deal , this time skipping voters new york times .
while you were n't looking , trump released a plan to privatize americas roads and [UNK] .
i can think of 20 other people ' better suited for secretary of state than romney .
latest unpaid trump vendor is his own pollster , filing shows .
google and facebook ban fake news sites from their advertising networks .
deluged immigration courts , where cases stall for years , begin to buckle .
craig sager , colorful [UNK] sideline reporter , dies at 65 new york times .
lebron james fires back at phil jackson for posse comment .
difference between cardiac arrest and heart attack . is their a [UNK] [UNK] ?
rex tillerson 's company , exxon , has billions at stake over sanctions on russia .
officials doubt donald trump has direct link to russia .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
the internet law that explains 2016 is n't godwin 's . fantastic by @wphillips49 .
las noticias internacionales david letterman shop at target these days .
difference between cardiac arrest and heart attack . is their a [UNK] [UNK] ?
the best way to save obamacare the best way to save obamacare .
top [UNK] story silicon valley confronts peter thiel problem '' @buzzfeednews .
ways to channel your post-election fear , anxiety , [UNK] , anger , and stress into action .
the rooms they left behind new york times .
everest 's first woman climber junko tabei dies at 77 .
dakota access pipeline to be rerouted '' property .
trump 's rumored housing secretary is best known for keeping his county segregated .
putin 's russia is waging 21st century warfare . heres how to fight back .
supreme court allows arizona ' ballot collection ' law .
here are the republicans criticizing trumpand those calling on him to drop out .
trumps electoral college victory ranks [UNK] in [UNK] elections .
new email shows dnc boss giving clinton camp debate question in advance .
triple check before you share fake news is on the the rise .
fbi discovered clinton-related emails weeks ago the fbi discovered clinton-related emails weeks ago .
budget us android smartphones found secretly sending personal data to china .
senior trump adviser says administration will eliminate nasa climate research .
documents suggest palantir could help power trump 's extreme vetting of immigrants .
civilians are supposed to control the military , not the other way around the world .
early trump supporter palin suggests carrier deal is ' crony capitalism ' via the @foxnews app .
who will be voted the cnn superhero ? vote now at christie .
donald trump tweets for the first time as president-elect .
while we werent looking , snapchat revolutionized social networks .
oakland fire was a rare mass casualty blaze . fire codes help explain why .
pilot of plane that crashed colombia had told controllers it was out of fuel .
jeff koons is giving sculpture to paris to remember terror victims .
2016 proposition song ! from [UNK] podcast .
jeff sessions , a potential cabinet pick after [UNK] comments .
donald trump is choosing his cabinet . heres the latest list . the new york times .
donald trump 's strategy to cut property taxes donald trump 's [UNK] property .
bristol palin blasts artists for refusing to perform at trump inauguration .
shootings in new york fall to lowest number since the 90s .
des moines police shooting suspect scott michael greene in des moines register .
california lift mandatory water rationing too soon ? water use is up again .
self driving cars causing reduction in accidents , will exacerbate organ donation shortages .
hate crime charges filed in chicago beating streamed on facebook live via the @foxnews app .
fuck you 2016 ! pop star george michael has died .
copy edit tihs ! can you correct errors in recent times articles ?
fox news electoral scorecard states tilting toward trump after fbi 's october surprise .
kushner at the center of trump transition ' infighting , ' sources say '' property .
the new york times i hardly expected my letter to donald trump to go viral .
fish taco loves new york . but it doesnt love him back .
crossing the line how donald trump behaved with women in private .
ivanka trump meeting with al gore on climate change @cnnpolitics .
another woman says trump reached under her skirt and groped her in early 1990s .
michael moore to gop electors i will pay your fines if you do n't vote for trump .
how trump 's calls to world leaders are upsetting decades of diplomacy .
samsung temporarily suspends production of galaxy note 7 .
trump star on hollywood walk of fame is smashed the new york times .
in break with precedent , obama envoys are denied extensions past inauguration day .
what the trump presidency means for the supreme court .
the day a college football player stood alone to honor america via the @foxnews [UNK] .
we are feeling what not having hope feels like via jusswaggtv .
more than 160 republican leaders dont support donald trump . heres when they reached their breaking point .
the white house 's report on ai and the economy warns of increasing inequality .
un human rights chief warns of war crimes in aleppo .
i just made my donation to the @aclu please support their work , too .
the new york times canada probes mysterious arctic pinging noise .
paul beatty wins man booker prize with ' the sellout new york times .
i made [UNK] president . play the bbc 's predict the president game .
russia 's ambassador to turkey assassinated in ankara @cnn .
chelynn world news rurik jutting pleads not guilty to hong kong murders .
kasich votes mccain instead of trump .
lorry kills nine at christmas market - bbc news .
obama challenges gop to spell out obamacare alternative '' property .
at least 35 people have been killed and 40 injured in istanbul nightclub attack .
janet jackson , gives birth to a baby boy , according to people magazine .
roman [UNK] found in okinawa castle the new york times .
self driving cars causing reduction in accidents , will exacerbate organ donation shortages .
conway resumes romney opposition , says trump loyalists feel ' betrayed .
mccrory calls special sessionsetting up possibility of a court-packing power grab .
college students want to kill foreign language requirements . tell them '' nein .
bill clinton is [UNK] a peripheral player in his wife 's campaign .
in [UNK] , residents are fighting to get the name '' trump '' taken their buildings .
zsa zsa gabor , often-married actress known for glamour , dies at 99 .
top story from techcrunch justeat is now delivering takeout with self-driving .
whats new on cnn nephew of berlin attack suspect is among 3 arrested in tunisia .
here 's the spread of fake news .
after neo-nazi posting , police in whitefish , [UNK] , step up patrols .
carrie fisher was a pioneer in mental health advocacy . heres how to honor her .
a new tool can crack a credit card number in six seconds .
bob dylan wins nobel prize for literature .
stein spent nearly $ 1 million of recount funds on consultants , staff , admin expenses .
retweeted fox news aide says foundation paid for chelseas wedding , @wikileaks .
recounts barely making dent in election results ; trump gains in wisconsin .
behind our anxiety , the fear of being unneeded .
meet the baby who was born twice '' property .
[UNK] [UNK] children in calais jungle to arrive in uk ' in days .
the kids lawsuit over climate change is our best hope now .
the combination of human & amp ; artificial intelligence will define [UNK] future .
trumps mistrust of [UNK] echoes views of a top adviser .
jury acquits leaders of oregon standoff of federal charges .
philippine mayor accused of drug links by duterte is killed by police new york times .
peter thiel defends his most contrarian move yet .
trump 's twitter debate lead was ' swelled by bots .
obama orders review of russian [UNK] hacking .
it would be hypocritical of me to vote ' '' property .
the last 24 hours of trump 's tweeting @cnnpolitics .
the alt-right is truly terrifying #usefulupdates check it out here .
danish doctors group wants to end circumcision for boys new york times .
2 iowa police officers killed ; suspect in custody .
jay z to headline concert for hillary clinton #usefulupdates check it out here .
today top story zuckerberg implies facebook is a media company , just not a [UNK] .
the bad and worse options james comey faced .
trump calls for drug test ahead of next debate @cnnpolitics .
we are not planning on erecting a deportation force ' @cnnpolitics .
an '' avalanche of evidence '' may now bury hillary .
fbi discovered clinton-related emails weeks ago the fbi discovered clinton-related emails weeks ago , [UNK] .
he cant claim were all liars , trump 's ninth new accuser [UNK] ninth new accuser .
retweeted fox news la-area polling station on lockdown after shots nearby ; at .
clinton bashes trump over russia praise , but emails show she praised putin .
is it safe ? foreign students consider college in donald trumps u.s.
dog slaughter banned in south korea 's largest dog meat market .
donald trump is choosing his cabinet . heres the latest list . the new york times .
former cuban leader fidel castro dies '' property .
donald trumps victory was built on unique coalition of white voters .
fuck you 2016 ! pop star george michael has died .
donald trump meets with twitter meeting with meeting with times .
unemployment drops to 4.6 % , lowest since 2007 thank you president obama .
hillary clinton now has over 2 million more votes than donald trump .
singer kneels , wears ' black lives matter ' shirt while performing preseason game .
trump team resumes battle with press , hints at wh briefing changes .
i 'm with @berniesanders . the next dnc chair should be @keithellison . add your name here .
dylann roof killed 9 in mental carolina .
paul beatty wins man booker prize with ' the sellout new york times .
mika brzezinski says clinton campaign wanted her ' pulled off the air .
watch this autonomous tesla drive from home to work on its own .
starbucks ceo howard schultz to step down .
carlos alberto , the captain of the 1970 world cup-winning side has died more .
two more women say donald trump touched them inappropriately .
fake story about obamas , hillary ensnares sean hannity .
how one 19-year-old illinois man is distorting national polling averages .
highlights from trump 's first thank you ' tour .
u.s. blocks mine planned to [UNK] near a minnesota wilderness area .
this is the surface studio , microsoft 's new [UNK] pc .
hillary clinton 's popular vote lead over donald trump now exceeds 1.5 million votes .
trending techcrunch news @mikeyuhn microsoft is now a braver , [UNK] .
toll at turkey bombings rises to 29 killed , including 27 police officers , interior [UNK] .
new york city asks u.s. to pay trump security costs ; puts first bill at $ 35 million .
kanye west calls out beyonc and praises trump in onstage tirade new york times .
how trump perfected the rhetoric of fake power .
jon stewart recounts his twitter war with trump .
navy fighter jet [UNK] pink for breast cancer awareness month the fight against breast cancer .
trumps labor sec pick is a gross misogynist into hot women in bikinis .
clinton tops trump by 6 pts the new york times .
megyn kelly leaving fox news for nbc news via jusswaggtv .
trump didnt flip working-class whites . the rust belt revolt is myth .
democratic campaign bus dumps sewage into georgia storm drain , police say .
heres how the federal government made the maps that crippled black neighborhoods .
while you were n't looking , trump released a plan to privatize americas roads and [UNK] .
judge extends florida voter registration deadline until october 18 '' property .
rugby league world cup 2021 england chosen as hosts ahead of us .
mall santa loses job for telling girl hillary clinton on naughty list via the @foxnews app .
donald trump attacks f-35 maker for ` out of control ' costs .
vatican issues new guidelines on cremation , says no to scattering ashes .
issues where trumps cabinet picks and most americans [UNK] .
google adds [UNK] to fact-checks in news .
attacker opens fire at istanbul nightclub , news agency reports [UNK] .
democratic campaign bus dumps sewage into georgia storm drain , police say .
wells fargo killing sham account suits by using arbitration the new york times .
iceberg the size of delaware to break off from antarctica .
mariah carey 's team says ' new year 's eve performance was sabotaged .
how short is a short skirt in [UNK] and who gets to decide ?
we 're giving all readers unlimited access to for 72 hours .
gopro is recalling the karma drone after just 16 days on the market .
google 's new photoscan app makes it easy to digitize old prints .
new @reuters / ipsos wisconsin gives clinton a 95 % chance of winning electoral college vote .
chris wallaces debate role is a bright spot in a dark year for fox new york times .
everest 's first woman climber junko tabei dies at 77 .
how to survive an autocracy . masha gessen , who grew up in putin 's russia , has 6 rules
the overwhelming majority of black friday deals are duds . here 's how to find the bargains .
two soccer clubs split by war . new york times .
actress carrie fisher is stable condition after a cardiac episode on flight from london to l.a.
clinton in emotional post-election speech coming here tonight was n't the easiest .
john oliver now regrets urging donald trump to run .
rodrigo duterte says donald trump endorses his violent antidrug campaign .
actress carrie fisher is stable condition after a cardiac episode on flight from london to l.a.
lego boost teaches kids to bring blocks to life with code .
slack and google announce partnership focused on better integrating their services .
is media downplaying trump bump in jackie evancho 's album sales ?
20 things donald trump said he wanted to get rid of as president .
the democratic party establishment is finished . what a joke .
fierce fighting reported in palmyra as control of ancient syrian city switches between is and government forces .
trump campaign manager the man who shouted '' jew-s-a '' is '' deplorable .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
trump ready to accept russia hacking report , if cia , fbi get on same page .
in this ugly election year , leave it to [UNK] to remind us how great we are .
theresa may scolds kerry for focus on israel settlements .
at & t agrees to buy time warner for around $ 80 billion .
rules for survival . rules for survival valuable advice from @mashagessen .
2016 was the year white liberals realized how unjust , racist & amp ; sexist america is .
six ways to sweat out stress @cnn .
reversing course fracking can contaminate drinking water .
zsa zsa gabor , [UNK] actress known for glamour , dies at 99 .
harlem deer caught in [UNK] [UNK] has died .
kasich votes mccain instead of trump .
stop texting and start speaking here 's how @cnn .
obama says us is partnering with private firms to send humans to mars by the 2030s .
devos , trumps education pick , has steered money from public schools .
important read about how a president trump will treat the press .
meet who is trump 's choice to reshape climate policy @cnnpolitics .
after weight-loss surgery , 2 patients faced the prospect that life hadnt changed as much as theyd hoped .
magic leap goes to finland in pursuit of nordic vr and ar talent .
who will defend the liberal world order in the trump era ? the new york times .
nfl teams will now be fined for posting videos and gifs during games .
indian official blames womens western dress for mass molestation the new york times .
trump effect ? after carrier pledge to keep jobs in us , more companies may follow .
trump says his supporters were violent ' during the campaign @cnnpolitics .
trump 's tax plan would add to debt and hillary clintons wouldnt , study finds .
the koh-i-noor , one of the world 's most controversial diamonds .
difference between cardiac arrest and heart attack . is their a [UNK] [UNK] ?
countering trump , bipartisan voices strongly affirm findings on russian hacking .
not ' locker room ' talk athletes push back on trump 's defense of sexual assault .
why you will marry the wrong person the new york times .
thousands in new zealand via cnnbrk cnn retweet .
fort lauderdale airport 5 dead , shooting suspect had gun in [UNK] bag .
on the water , and into the wild new york times .
chelsea clinton reportedly being groomed for congressional run via the @foxnews android app .
terry branstad , iowa governor , is trumps choice for ambassador to china .
wells fargo ceo john stumpf to step down , effective immediately .
fbi backs cia view that russia intervened to help trump win election .
trump on russia hacking allegations this is a political witch hunt .
myanmar wants ethnic cleansing of rohingya un official tells bbc .
the election is really , really over now and trump is the winner .
park geun-hye , embattled south korean president , says shes willing to resign .
walk 5 minutes . standing up and walking around for five minutes every hour during the [UNK] .
mike pence answers body image question with pivot to terrorism .
chicago records 762 homicides in 2016 , up 57 percent from previous year .
[UNK] years ago , truman [UNK] [UNK] hosted the best party ever .
trump paid nearly $ 2.9 million to family-owned businesses as campaign wound down .
bbc news indian actor om puri dies aged 66 .
rip gwen ifill , award-winning political reporter and author , dies at 61 .
more than 160 republican leaders dont support donald trump . heres when they reached their breaking point .
david duke ' deserves a bullet ' [UNK] @cnnpolitics .
7 killed , 31 wounded in chicago weekend shootings .
north carolina governor pat mccrory concedes gubernatorial race to roy cooper .
hillary clinton blames f.b.i. director for election loss .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
myanmar wants ethnic cleansing of rohingya un official tells bbc .
bowe bergdahl , facing desertion trial , asks obama for pardon .
trump says his supporters were violent ' during the campaign @cnnpolitics .
kellyanne conway 's husband on short list for top us lawyer job @cnnpolitics .
the new york times has become among the first to take a tour of the art .
megyn kelly vs . has the republican feminist awakening begun ?
retweeted [UNK] [UNK] confirms its missing #schiaparelli mars probe crashed into .
[UNK] gop 's power grab to limit democratic governor @cnnpolitics .
hillary clinton 's lead in popular vote nears 2 million @cnnpolitics .
killer whale at center of ' blackfish ' dies via jusswaggtv .
latest news update from luisa florez . chelsea manning tried committing suicide a second time in october .
california mom who vanished while jogging found safe via the @foxnews android app .
lawsuit accusing trump of raping girl , 13 , gets december hearing ny daily [UNK] [UNK] .
20 places you should visit in your 20s .
intel report says us identifies go-betweens who gave emails to wikileaks .
how a 2011 hack youve never heard of changed the internets infrastructure .
alven capital raises $ 261 million fund to invest in french entrepreneurs @techcrunch .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
trump at ia rally we 're not going to be the stupid people anymore .
here 's who and who is not performing at trumps inauguration '' property .
std rates reach record high in united states #usefulupdates check it out here .
top [UNK] story hackers used new weapons to disrupt major websites .
clinton camp denies looking to senate races , red states to polish foregone victory .
review of michael moore in trumpland .
trumps election leaves angela merkel as the liberal [UNK] last defender .
do you have info about abortions trump may have paid for ? let us know .
donald trump , in louisiana , says he will end energy regulations .
afghan woman in famed national geographic photo is arrested in pakistan new york times .
facebook helped drive a voter registration surge , election officials say .
ohio state university muslim attacker killed , 9 hospitalized after campus attack .
early voting data suggests clinton lags in north carolina compared to 2012 .
at least 12 dead , 48 injured after truck plows into berlin christmas market in apparent terror attack .
trump campaign manager the man who shouted '' jew-s-a '' is '' deplorable .
john glenn , american hero of the space age , dies at 95 .
retweeted [UNK] [UNK] news pentonville prison escapees named as cellmates james whitlock , 31 .
[UNK] plans to launch new russia hacking inquiry @cnnpolitics .
36 hours on campaign trail with gary johnson '' property .
new york 's only high-volume kitten nursery tends to 300 [UNK] & amp ; orphans .
we should just cancel the election and declare me winner .
trump 's sons involved in interviewing , vetting cabinet candidates @cnnpolitics .
iraqi troops inside isis-held mosul iraqi forces have entered isis-held mosul for the .
exercise may be an effective treatment for depression , studies say .
trump sexual assault allegations the floodgates are open .
donald trump threatens to sue the times over article on unwanted advances .
a list of statements by donald trump that are at odds with the united states constitution .
ny times newtop story bob dylan won nobel prize for literature .
bbc news indian actor om puri dies aged 66 .
a road trip to [UNK] 42 years ago shows a side of hillary .
jill stein says she 'll ' escalate ' pennsylvania recount case after earlier plans to drop it @cnnpolitics .
youtube upgrades its comments system to give creators more control .
everybody can take a deep breath now oprah says she has oprah .
chelynn world news oppose poll 's at least a dozen nonprofits trumps policies have reported surges in donations .
the new york times indian point nuclear power plant to close by 2021 .
at pearl automation , former apple employees are blending their old employers high quality standards with less [UNK] .
here 's how hillary clinton spent the morning after her concession .
first us cases of drug-resistant fungal infection '' property .
audience members walk out on amy schumer after trump criticisms new york times .
googles ai translation tool seems to have invented its own secret internal language .
japan recalls diplomats from south korea over ' comfort woman ' statue .
istanbul reina nightclub attack ' leaves 39 dead .
everything you need to know about trump 's new education secretary in one horrifying chart .
chicago cubs win 2016 world series .
retweeted [UNK] [UNK] second life ' for baby girl left to die on the streets .
top [UNK] story emails warrant no new action against hillary clinton , f.b.i. .
austrians appear to reject far-right candidate for president the new york times .
high in tower , trump reads , tweets and plans .
watch earth 's population soar from [UNK] to 7 billion in a hypnotizing video .
here is donald trump keeping an eye on melania trump as she votes .
this pill could make your dog live longer .
north carolina gov . pat mccrory concedes race via jusswaggtv .
odg unveils its first consumer ar glasses , built on qualcomm 's snapdragon 835 chip .
the top books of 2016 the new york times .
fbi discovered clinton-related emails weeks ago the fbi discovered clinton-related emails weeks ago , [UNK] .
un says 82 civilians shot on the spot .
microsoft 's big-screen surface studio is an engineering marvel .
boss tells pro-trump employees to resign if you voted for donald trump .
united airlines wants to do to flying to republicans want to do to health care .
conway deflects on trump camp 's claims of assassination attempt '' property .
how a tweet can warrant allegations of criminal assault .
a time for refusal . it 's a time for refusal .
abc news staged crime-scene shot , photo shows .
the internet law -- not godwinsthat explains why 2016 was so terrible .
woman thrown in front of subway train is killed , police say new york times .
lock her up ? maybe not so much , giuliani and christie say @cnnpolitics .
officer who shot keith lamont scott .
a majority agreed she was raped by a stanford football player . that wasnt enough .
dude ranch owner asked chef to make ' black people food ' for tourists , lawsuit claims .
chelynn world news kellyanne conway lands top wh job in trump administration .
rolling stone magazine liable for defamation for [UNK] rape story .
2 iowa police officers killed ; suspect in custody .
college classmate says trump 's treasury secretary , steve mnuchin , '' put the ' douche ' in .
google pixel review assessing the new smartphone new york times .
this store is selling gold-plated trump iphones to the super rich .
president franois hollande said he wo n't run for re-election what a complete [UNK] .
thank you , donald trump the new york times .
why i will not cast my electoral vote for donald trump .
your surgeon is probably a republican , your [UNK] probably a democrat .
clinton to join recount that trump calls ' scam ' [UNK] .
obama administration bars states from withholding federal money from planned parenthood new york times .
nevada judge denies trump request to separate early voting ballots @cnnpolitics .
[UNK] | we 're looking for fake news and memes on election day .
nypd to allow sikh officers to wear turbans and beards while on duty .
we are not planning on erecting a deportation force ' @cnnpolitics .
va hospital left deceased veteran in shower room for 9 hours , report finds .
obama asks republicans why they were n't appalled earlier when was saying degrading things about women .
i can be smart and challenging while i wear spaghetti straps .
big-money politics continues to thrive in washington , despite stern campaign promises .
terry branstad , iowa governor , is trumps choice for ambassador to china .
obamacare premium hikes fuel trump , gop case in swing states .
home robot kuri is like an amazon echo designed by pixar .
rudolph giulianis business ties viewed as red flag for secretary of state job .
9 dead , at least 50 injured in truck crash .
trump calls obama '' very fine man .
men 's toilets in the us to get baby changing facilities .
professor [UNK] is [UNK] as threat to academic freedom .
jetblue forced a man off a flight after an apparent incident involving ivanka trump and her husband .
xoon , a '' click '' language , is believed to have the largest sound language .
tennessee woman accused of coat-hanger abortion attempt faces new charges .
police now describe suspect in azusa , calif shooting .
indiana mayor running for [UNK] chairman by [UNK] [UNK] via nyt the new york times .
security camera was infected by malware 98 seconds after pluggedin .
women are advising each other to get iuds now a form of birth control .
we are orphans here [UNK] and death in east jerusalems palestinian refugee camp .
judge extends florida voter registration deadline until october 18 '' property .
using a sauna may reduce the risk for alzheimer 's disease , a new york times .
earthquake strikes central italy #usefulupdates check it out here .
scores of extremist militias in u.s. streamed around donald trump 's campaign @cnnpolitics .
intel is laying off a major portion of its wearables group .
chelynn world news 75 % of isis fighters killed .
veteran broadcaster sir jimmy young dies aged 95 bbc news .
boss tells pro-trump employees to resign if you voted for donald trump .
push to delay speaker election puts ryan in political jam .
obama gave presidential medal of freedom to 21 artists .
wikileaks releases transcripts of clinton goldman sachs speeches about god damn time .
terror attacks in developed world surge 650 % in one year .
nearly 600 patients at [UNK] va center may have been exposed to hiv , hepatitis .
andy murray becomes world number one after raonic withdraws from paris masters .
when @abarnardnyt stepped off the bus in aleppo .
a former miss usa contestant says trump inspected each woman before the pageant .
we had no idea that our actions would be interpreted as racist harassment .
why does education translate to less support for donald trump ?
we now have a rural party and an urban party , and the rural party won .
early voting suggests tight race in key states despite clinton camp boast .
chelynn world news trump isnt rewarding a lot of loyalists with cabinet jobs .
russia is moving ahead with missile program that violates treaty , u.s. officials say .
trump to accept inauguration funds from corporations and big donors new york times .
david duke ' deserves a bullet ' @cnnpolitics .
reuters finds lead levels higher than flints in thousands of locales new york times .
wikileaks releases clinton 's wall street speeches .
tesla acquires grohmann engineering to boost production .
chelynn world news harry reid comey may have violated the hatch act .
2016 senate election forecast dems [UNK] % chance .
how trump ended democrats ' [UNK] winning streak in one county .
how a pioneer in the science of mistakes ended up mistaken .
fake us embassy in ghana shut down after issuing illegally obtained authentic visas for decade state department says .
obama on trump tape that 's not right ' @cnnpolitics .
tim cook explains to apple employees why he met with trump .
unpaid student debt leads to a smaller social security check it out here .
how trump reshaped the election map the new york times .
the trump tape does n't matter @cnn .
trump speaks with taiwans leader , an affront to china the new york times .
how a pioneer in the science of mistakes ended up mistaken .
fbi reopens clinton probe after new emails found in anthony weiner case .
north carolina g.o.p. moves to curb power of new democratic governor .
top [UNK] story mobile internet use passes desktop for the first time .
russian ambassador to turkey is assassinated in ankara the new york times .
she never spoke of it to her husband . then she heard the trump tape .
moore calls for civil disobedience , disruption of trump 's inauguration .
trump is saying big league , not bigly , linguists say .
lorry kills nine at christmas market - bbc news .
is this how you want to be remembered ? kennedy #jillstein on recount effort .
why i will not cast my electoral vote for donald trump .
romania set for first female , and first muslim , prime minister .
donald trump blasts recount as ' ridiculous ' and ' a scam ' '' property .
donald trump , in louisiana , says he will end energy regulations .
officers surprise bullied boy with birthday party of his dreams @cnn .
at least 12 dead , 48 injured after truck plows into berlin christmas market in apparent terror attack .
is twitter next ? vine 's six seconds of fame .
officer asked to leave college class for wearing his uniform .
fox news poll majority says russian hacking made no difference in 2016 election .
lego boost teaches kids to bring blocks to life with code .
macys will cut 10,000 jobs after poor holiday sales .
birth control linked to depression , new study says @cnn .
uk to censor online videos of ' non-conventional ' sex acts .
fox news poll majority says russian hacking made no difference in 2016 election .
tim cook [UNK] employees that it is committed to the mac and that great desktops are coming .
conway touts trump 's ' drain the swamp ' message .
pearl jam and tupac shakur lead nominees for rock hall of fame .
actress carrie fisher is stable condition after a ' cardiac episode ' on flight from london to l.a.
nancy pelosi beats back house democratic leadership challenge .
white supremacy euphemism generator for journalists .
self driving cars causing reduction in accidents , will exacerbate organ donation shortages .
richard adams , whose novel watership down became a [UNK] , dies at 96 .
latest news update from luisa florez . the internet is distorting our collective on the truth .
paul beatty , the first american author to win the man booker prize with the sellout .
george michael , pop superstar , has died at 53 the new york times .
we are feeling what not having hope feels like via jusswaggtv .
hillary clinton now has over 2 million more votes than donald trump .
as ratings plummet , n.f.l. considers reducing ads and length of games new york times .
kanye west calls out beyonc and praises trump in onstage tirade new york times .
kentucky football game shooting leaves 2 dead .
danny elfman [UNK] scores a video [UNK] footage of trump [UNK] behind hillary clinton .
52 places to go in 2017 new york times .
whats new on cnn ohio [UNK] approved a bill that would ban abortions after a fetus ' heart .
it 's time to end the electoral college .
sen. lindsey graham calls for investigation into alleged russian cyberhacks during us election .
fbi discovered clinton-related emails weeks ago the fbi discovered clinton-related emails weeks ago , [UNK] .
four more charged in flint water crisis #usefulupdates check it out here .
whats new on cnn grandson of sitting congressman shot to death in chicago .
protecting donald trump costs new york city more than $ 1 million a day .
clinton will win but congress wo n't work with her @cnnpolitics .
at least 9 are dead after fire at warehouse party in oakland .
trump asking congress , not mexico , to pay for border wall .
at & t is said to be in advanced merger talks with time warner .
millions of modified mosquitoes to be released in brazil & amp ; colombia #zika fight #zika fight .
why wont facebook let me post death threats i [UNK] from trump supporters ?
richard adams , whose novel watership down became a [UNK] , dies at 96 .
net migration [UNK] near record high net migration to the uk 335,000 in the year .
payments provider stripe has raised another $ 150m at a $ [UNK] .
snoop dogg slams colin kaepernick for castro praise , says choose between football , revolution .
trump campaign manager the man who shouted '' jew-s-a '' is '' deplorable .
alven capital raises $ 261 million fund to invest in french entrepreneurs @techcrunch .
hard-line islamists marched in jakarta , demanding christian governor be jailed .
obama blames dem losses on fox news in every bar and restaurant .
why does education translate to less support for donald trump ?
former nfl player joe mcknight shot , killed in terrytown shooting .
a guide to getting a [UNK] abroad .
trump paid $ 12.5 million to his own businesses during race .
the day a college football player stood alone to honor america via the @foxnews [UNK] .
as ratings plummet , n.f.l. considers reducing ads and length of games new york times .
crypt believed to be jesus tomb opened for first time in centuries the new york times .
obama is campaigning for hillary clinton in chapel hill , north carolina .
andy murray becomes world number one after raonic withdraws from paris masters .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
retweeted fox news mayor says chicago will ' always be a sanctuary city ' in face of .
new zealand prime minister i gave it everything i gave it new york times .
choose a month to quit [UNK] . go cold turkey .
how hip-hop turned on donald trump and settled for hillary clinton in 2016 .
jared kushner talks of a trump tv network with a media deal maker .
clinton 's ' deplorable ' comment could have alienated voters .
retweeted fox news cia reportedly plans to launch a cyberattack against russia .
a road trip to [UNK] 42 years ago shows a side of hillary .
trump team responds to alt-right leader via jusswaggtv .
kellyanne conway , who helped guide donald trump to be appointed counselor to the president .
hundreds of people are flocking to susan b . anthony 's grave on election day .
deluged immigration courts , where cases stall for years , begin to buckle .
he was convicted for being gay . 42 years later , he wants an apology .
donald trump then and now how the president-elect has changed since his election .
us military veterans will protest [UNK] activists in north dakota against an oil pipeline .
bosses deny rockettes forced to perform at trump inaugural #usefulupdates check it out here .
us military veterans will protest [UNK] activists in north dakota against an oil pipeline .
north carolina republicans legislative coup is an attack on democracy .
we should take a drug test before debate , trump says .
wikileaks claims sham u.s. firm is trying to smear assange .
everest 's first woman climber junko tabei dies at 77 .
christie vetoes bill banning solitary confinement for children , pregnant women , and people with mental [UNK] .
paul beatty wins man booker prize with ' the sellout new york times .
early voting suggests tight race in key states despite clinton camp boast .
self driving cars causing reduction in accidents , will exacerbate organ donation shortages .
bill belichick is llike us . he 's unhappy when his tablet does n't work .
a lorry ploughs into a christmas market in the heart of berlin , killing 12 people .
atlantic names jeffrey goldberg its editor in chief new york times .
obama 's gift to trump a ' pretty solid ' economy .
clinton tells fundraisers fbi comey letter sank presidential bid via the @foxnews android app .
man coughed and heaved for 13 minutes during execution #usefulupdates check it out here .
i 'm with @berniesanders . the next dnc chair should be @keithellison . add your name here .
hillary clintons team to join wisconsin recount pushed by jill stein the new york times .
tweeted times latest twitter finally stops counting usernames against reply [UNK] .
navy fighter jet [UNK] pink for breast cancer awareness month the fight against breast cancer .
at & t formally announces it will acquire time warner [UNK] for $ 107.50 per share .
the ' alt-right ' splinters as supporters and critics agree it was white supremacy all along .
trump summons tv figures for private meeting , and lets them have it '' property .
israel pm questioned in corruption probe #usefulupdates check it out here .
the top books of 2016 the new york times .
mrs. clinton outmaneuvered mr. trump with a surprising new approach .
trump said in 2014 that russian hacking was a ' big problem .
facebook announces plan to plan to crack down on fake news ; will work with abc news .
the definitive guide to cord-cutting in 2016 , based on your habits .
peter thiel donating $ 1.25 million to donald trump 's campaign .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
would you let an algorithm choose the next u.s. president .
inside the media pen at a trump rally .
facebook officially announces gameroom , its pc steam competitor .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
eu ' should prepare for returning jihadists .
the life and example of gwen ifill .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
the [UNK] of conflicts of interest facing the trump presidency .
how did walmart get cleaner stores and higher sales ? it paid its people more .
6 books to help understand trumps win .
two powerful earthquakes hit italy near site of deadly august quake .
world 's largest marine protected area declared in [UNK] .
ben carson accepts department of housing and urban development secretary . by [UNK] via .
nobody really knows ' if climate change is real .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
dutch law would allow assisted suicide for healthy older people .
musk on tesla network its not tesla vs . uber , its the people vs .
silicon valley | silicon valley | trump presidency was grim .
obama moves to block chinese [UNK] of a german chip maker new york times .
wikileaks says assange 's internet link was severed by ' state party .
pence says no need for apology after hamilton jeers , lecture .
donald trump settles trump university lawsuits .
reuters finds lead levels higher than flints in thousands of locales new york times .
trump , after canceling , [UNK] new york times meeting .
pioneering woman chinese fighter pilot killed in accident .
turns out melania trump did work illegally in u.s. .
bush-era muslim registry failed bigly . yet we 're trying it again .
about half of all iphones are made in zhengzhou . how a phone made there can end .
facebook live audio makes talk radio social , starting with the bbc .
trump sexual assault allegations the floodgates are open .
trump to accept inauguration funds from corporations and big donors new york times .
donald trump settles trump university lawsuits .
the new york times living in chinas expanding deserts .
levels mark ' new era ' in the world 's changing climate .
conway defends trump 's ' hamilton ' twitter scrap why do you care ' '' property .
we dont want to admit children die . our avoidance is hurting is hurting them them .
attacker opens fire at istanbul nightclub , news agency reports [UNK] .
how hip-hop turned on donald trump and settled for hillary clinton in 2016 .
us abstains in key israel vote , clearing way for condemnation of settlements .
donald trumps victory , on front pages worldwide .
david duke ' deserves a bullet ' [UNK] @cnnpolitics .
being american in the trump years new york times .
20 places you should visit in your 20s .
trump is angry at nbc news for using this photo of him , so please do n't use this enhanced
jared kushner has emerged as the closest thing to a steadying influence for donald trump .
wilbur ross , billionaire investor , is said to be trumps commerce pick .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
what makes a new york city kid ? the new york times .
the big league prospect who became a mob hit man new york times .
vesna vulovic , flight attendant who survived jetliner blast , dies at 66 .
to women voters is '' not the man we heard on the tape .
leak reveals rex tillerson was director of bahamas-based us-russian oil firm .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
the rooms they left behind new york times .
frozen woman ' turns out to be mannequin '' property .
another woman says trump reached under her skirt and groped her in early 1990s .
trump [UNK] gross revenue , as opposed to net income after expenses .
trumps income isnt always what he says it is , records suggest donald trump and his [UNK] .
36 hours in toronto the new york times .
donald trump is choosing his cabinet . heres the latest list . the new york times .
dozens killed in mozambique fuel truck blast at least 73 people have been killed in fuel truck explosion .
trump [UNK] peter [UNK] to lead white trade and industrial policy .
top [UNK] story hackers used new weapons to disrupt major websites .
donald trump says any potential conflicts of interest were priced into your vote .
exercise may be an effective treatment for depression , studies say .
peter thiel donating $ 1.25 million to donald trump 's campaign .
trump called for ' total & amp ; complete shutdown of muslims entering the us '' on 1215 .
when trump says he look at whats going on in syria , its so sad .
chelsea clinton reportedly being groomed for congressional run via the @foxnews android app .
george michael , pop superstar , has died at 53 the new york times .
saudis to probe deadly air strikes on yemen funeral hall via the @foxnews app .
the new york timess lawyer responds to donald trump .
fearing trump , bar association [UNK] report calling him a libel bully .
michael moore 's new anti-trump , pro-hillary film .
we are not planning on erecting a deportation force ' @cnnpolitics .
i would have voted for trump proves he did n't vote .
ford to scrap mexico plant , invest in michigan due to trump policies .
obama bans drilling in parts of the atlantic and the arctic .
macy 's is closing 68 stores , cutting 10,000 jobs .
earthquake strikes central italy #usefulupdates check it out here .
donald trump settles trump university lawsuits .
in canada , a direct link between fracking and earthquakes new york times .
3 held in bomb plot against somalis in kansas new york times .
ieee puts out a first draft guide for how tech can achieve ethical ai design .
donald trump gets first major endorsement in las vegas .
trump didnt flip working-class whites . the rust belt revolt is myth !
did hillary clinton just squander her get out of jail free card ?
george h.w. bush will vote for clinton , the 92-year-olds first-ever vote for a democratic nominee .
clinton is a ' moral , ethical choice ' @cnnpolitics .
politicians shouldnt need '' daughters and wives '' to know trump is a misogynist [UNK] .
trump picks elaine chao for transportation secretary draining the swamp .
an overwhelming majority of voters are disgusted by the state of american politics , ny times .
california hires eric holder as legal bulwark against donald trump .
what 's the cost of paid sick leave & amp ; [UNK] .
hillary clinton now has over 2 million more votes than donald trump .
in [UNK] , a tsunami of molasses , burst from a tank in boston .
putin ordered influence campaign [UNK] at u.s. election , report says .
white house petition suggests naming next navy ship ' uss the deplorables .
the stolen supreme court seat new york times .
is this how you want to be remembered ? kennedy #jillstein on recount effort .
suck it up lawmaker wants to cut funding for schools coddling students over trump .
at previous debates , melania trump and bill clinton shook hands .
how big banks are putting rain forests in peril the new york times .
bruce springsteen questions trump 's competence for office , says he has never been more afraid .
state department not heard from anyone on transition team .
the most-read stories of 2016 the new york times .
austrians appear to reject far-right candidate for president the new york times .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
clinton ally helped fund campaign of fbi official 's wife .
donald trumps new york times interview .
who will protect the constitution , donald trump or [UNK] ?
watch earth 's population soar from [UNK] to 7 billion in a hypnotizing video .
george michael dies from what is suspected to be heart failure , his manager says .
twitter has unveiled several new measures to curb abuse and hate speech .
vladimir putin wont expel u.s. diplomats as #russia foreign minister urged .
black turnout soft in early voting , [UNK] ill for hillary clinton .
red wine hot chocolate is a thing , and its [UNK] .
small factories emerge as a weapon in the fight against poverty .
colombia and rebels sign new peace deal , this time skipping voters new york times .
the real cost of giving birth $ 40 to hold my newborn baby .
man who shouted ' jew-s-a ' is ' deplorable .
why you should let your dog lick your face .
russia requires apple and google to remove linkedin from local app stores .
oliver hart and bengt holmstrom win nobel in economics for work on contracts .
russias doping program laid [UNK] by [UNK] evidence in report '' property .
donald trump says he might meet with putin before inauguration .
iraqi military says it has inflicted heavy losses on isis and made advances in southeast mosul .
watch the episodes of series series series bitcoin and the blockchain .
soul singer sharon jones dead at 60 .
i 'm with @berniesanders . the next dnc chair should be @keithellison . add your name here .
how trump reshaped the election map the new york times .
the stolen supreme court seat new york times .
russia requires apple and google to remove linkedin from local app stores .
former cia official phil mudd goes off [UNK] . i 'm watching a clown show !
hillary clinton blames f.b.i. director for election loss .
42 states shifted to the right in 2016 @hillaryclinton [UNK] [UNK] .
unemployment drops to 4.6 % , lowest since 2007 thank you president obama .
astronomers unveil incredibly detailed new map of milky way .
[UNK] elderly people go missing in china every year @cnn .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
the year sport refused to stop paul [UNK] .
a hot souvenir from cuba for some americans new york times .
pipeline 150 miles from dakota access protests leaks 176,000 gallons @cnn .
a full repeal of obamacare would cost $ [UNK] over the next decade .
the 2nd avenue subway is scheduled to open in december .
top [UNK] story new york times names a.g. sulzberger deputy publisher .
princeton calls its men 's swimming and diving team after [UNK] [UNK] .
google and facebook ban fake news sites from their advertising networks .
john kelly , retired marine general , is trumps choice to lead homeland security .
self driving cars causing reduction in accidents , will exacerbate organ donation shortages .
forget the cost to the candidates . this campaigns cost america more .
bakersfield police shoot unarmed 73-year-old man fatally blame .
inside a fake news [UNK] factory this is all about income .
donald trump threatens to sue the times over article on unwanted advances .
rose evansky , a pioneer in womens hairstyling , dies at 94 .
home robot kuri is like an amazon echo designed by pixar .
youtube stars say they were removed from delta flight for speaking arabic .
on the water , and into the wild new york times .
a singers journey from solitary confinement to the met opera new york times .
is it too late for republicans to replace trump ? the new york times .
russian officials were in contact with trump campaign , diplomat says .
says it has deal with #trump to keep jobs in indiana .
how did walmart get cleaner stores and higher sales ? it paid its people more .
deluged immigration courts , where cases stall for years , begin to buckle .
peter thiel to donate $ 1.25 million in support of donald trump .
the new york times living in chinas expanding deserts .
trump insists election calls for drug test clinton before debate .
what it was like as the black journalist who covered trump .
the candy hierarchy , 2016 edition #halloween 's best and worst treats .
donald trump is appealing a court order that let that sink in .
2016 was a hard year to be an apple fan tx .
when trump says he look at whats going on in syria , its so sad .
columbia suspends wrestling season over lewd and racist text messages the new york times .
chicago cubs end the chicago cubs have ended the longest title drought in baseball .
trump & rsquo ; s education secretary pick shows he wants to gut public schools .
bill belichick is done using the nfl 's microsoft surface tablet he hates so much .
white house donates obama daughters ' swing set '' property .
73-year-old rocker mick jagger welcomes his eighth child .
this pesticide is prohibited in britain . why is it still being [UNK] ?
clinton ally helped fund campaign of fbi official 's wife .
google 's new photoscan app makes it easy to digitize old prints .
check out a teaser for episode 3 of #trustdisrupted and watch full episodes here .
trump 's extremist supporters feel like winners either way shown [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] .
whats new on cnn nephew of berlin attack suspect is among 3 arrested in tunisia .
vladimir putin wont expel u.s. diplomats as #russia foreign minister urged .
latest [UNK] poll shows trump with a lead in florida .
tsunami warning now in japan 's miyagi prefecture ; fukushima remains under warning .
latest news update from luisa florez . chelsea manning tried committing suicide a second time in october .
new york state 's decision to force trump to release tax returns before 2020 .
is your area down to one insurer next year ? wants your story .
bowe bergdahl , facing desertion trial , asks obama for pardon .
justice department to north carolina stop illegally purging black voters from the rolls .
nobody really knows ' if climate change is real .
to stop trump , democrats can learn from the tea party .
house gop votes to gut independent ethics office .
fish taco loves new york . but it doesnt love him back .
theory that the fbi is out to get clinton is becoming more plausible never [UNK] .
khizr khan on trump i hate to continue to give him lessons in civics .
obama to dismantle [UNK] visitor registry before trump can revive it .
retweeted fox news carson says trump has offered him hud secretary , other .
women 's cancer deaths expected to rise 60 % by 2030 '' property .
north carolina governor pat mccrory concedes gubernatorial race to roy cooper .
madam president , '' said the @nytimes would-be @nytimes headline was one of the [UNK] .
google will display election results as soon as polls close .
email headache returns new clinton messages show passwords , schedules flowed freely .
ford to scrap mexico plant , invest in michigan due to trump policies .
harvard cancels mens soccer season over lewd ratings of female players new york times .
obama ' lied directly and pointedly ' to the nation about hillary 's emails .
is kim jong un the world 's most dangerous man via jusswaggtv .
megyn kelly tells tales out of fox news in her memoir , settle for more the truth [UNK] .
this is not normal . this is not normal . it demeans the presidency .
immigrants who came to u.s. as children fear deportation under trump new york times .
top [UNK] story bob dylan wins nobel literature prize .
trump takes credit for helping to save a ford plant that wasnt closing .
trump says us to quit tpp on first day in office .
donald trump has one unwavering belief women are not his equal .
google 's new photoscan app makes it easy to digitize old prints .
reuters finds lead levels higher than flints in thousands of locales new york times .
vatican issues new guidelines on cremation , says no to scattering ashes .
north carolina legislature fails to repeal ' bathroom bill .
george michael , pop superstar , has died at 53 the new york times .
berlin police says 9 dead and many injured .
cuban families have argued about castro for decades .
paul ryan on voting for trump i already voted for our nominee .
muslim npr reporter says she was harassed on the campaign trail .
hairstylists in illinois are being trained to spot signs of domestic abuse .
trump says he 'll sue sexual misconduct accusers .
trump vows to sue all female accusers as 11th woman steps forward via [UNK] [UNK] .
mario batali will prepare the obamas last state dinner .
fake us embassy in ghana shut down after a decade via jusswaggtv .
trump star on hollywood walk of fame is smashed the new york times .
employees have ' tremendous problem ' with obamacare via jusswaggtv .
trump praises putin over response to us sanctions , calls him ' very smart .
rudolph giulianis business ties viewed as red flag for secretary of state job .
intel report says us identifies go-betweens who gave emails to wikileaks .
black riders wait longer for uber rides , study shows .
calls to crisis , suicide prevention hotlines surge post-election .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
fun for kids , torture for parents new york times .
[UNK] far right signs a cooperation pact with [UNK] party , meets with trump 's national security adviser .
clinton over trump by double-digits hillary clinton has a [UNK] lead over donald trump .
top [UNK] story a decentralized web would give power back to the people .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
enough with the tweets , chinas state media tells trump .
black riders wait longer for uber rides , study shows .
trump transition asks 4 names of those working @ state 2 counter extremism .
trump , gop seize on new clinton cash revelations to revive ' pay-to-play ' charge .
being american in the trump years new york times .
berlin christmas market 9 dead , 48 injured in truck crash @cnn .
pakistan 's national airline mocked after goat sacrifice to ward off ' bad luck ' .
prime minister shinzo abe will visit pearl harbor .
trump adviser on taiwan call if china does n't like it , screw ' em .
donald trump intensifies his claim that campaign is rigged .
berkeley protesters demand ' spaces of color , ' harass white students trying to pass .
trump says he plans to immediately deport approximately 2 to 3 million undocumented immigrants .
china agrees to return seized drone , pentagon says new york times .
republicans will have a governing trifecta in 24 states , while democrats will have just six .
it all comes down to this . world series game 7 .
top [UNK] story donald trump picks reince priebus as chief of staff .
u.s. demands return of drone seized by chinese warship the new york times .
zuckerberg claims 99 % of facebook posts '' authentic , '' denies fake news ther .
twitter debate lead was ' swelled by bots .
fake us embassy in ghana shut down after a decade via jusswaggtv .
60 libraries announce boycott of elsevier [UNK] over open access .
snow falls in sahara for first time in 37 years .
health insurers [UNK] for the first time what the industry wants to stay in state marketplaces .
trump is still not very popular , and his problem with women could return new york times .
fbi obtains warrant needed to start [UNK] emails found on laptop used by huma abedin .
chelynn world news many as 50,000 isis fighters killed .
comey memo to staffers says election , timing required disclosure of renewed probe .
the real problem with power posing isnt the data .
trump ' has no idea how much he is being manipulated into helping iran and isis .
fish taco is no fan of hamilton , but he 's seen evita six times . that says a lot
rex tillerson , exxon chief , is expected to be pick for secretary of state .
ny times newtop story homeland security officials have accepted nearly $ 15 million in bribes .
at least 24 dead after fire during rave at converted warehouse in california , us police say .
trump calls for revoking flag burners citizenship . court rulings forbid it . thank you @realdonaldtrump .
carrier says it has struck a deal with trump to keep nearly 1,000 jobs in indiana .
allies found guilty on all counts in #bridgegate trial .
high with hitler a german [UNK] writer tells startling fact about the third reich .
retweeted fox news outlets trump tweet amount to a shift in u.s. policy ? should news outlets untrue .
charity ca n't replace the safety net . find out why .
cubs open up a 1-0 lead over indians in world series game 2 .
california hires eric holder as legal bulwark against donald trump .
hamilton had some [UNK] lines for mike pence . trump wasnt happy .
how to be a man in the age of trump .
clashes over dakota access pipeline escalate via jusswaggtv .
alan thicke , reassuring father on growing pains , dies at 69 .
hate crime charges filed in chicago beating streamed on facebook live via the @foxnews app .
early trump supporter palin suggests carrier deal is ' crony capitalism .
i was n't offended ' by message of ' hamilton ' cast @cnnpolitics nice response from [UNK] .
trump didnt flip working-class whites . the rust belt revolt is myth .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
as ratings plummet , n.f.l. considers reducing ads and length of games new york times .
killer whale at center of ' blackfish ' dies via jusswaggtv .
how ' hero father ' panda pan pan helped to save his species @cnn .
all tsunami warnings , advisories following earthquake off eastern japan [UNK] .
those insanely long early voting lines were a result of republican voter suppression .
russian military plane [UNK] from [UNK] near sochi .
top [UNK] story bob dylan wins nobel literature prize .
verizon buys lqd wifi to expand its #iot strategy into smart cities .
bosses deny rockettes forced to perform at trump inaugural #usefulupdates check it out here .
bernie sanders on the election of donald trump i am saddened , but not surprised .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
megyn kelly tells tales out of fox news in her memoir , settle for more the truth [UNK] .
alex jones , looking to be the enforcer of trump 's promises to the right .
macys will cut 10,000 jobs after poor holiday sales .
after electoral college fail , anti-trump forces look for new cause via the @foxnews app .
paul ryan on voting for trump i already voted for our nominee .
clinton to join recount that trump calls ' scam ' [UNK] .
judge suspends rule expanding overtime for millions of workers .
7.7 - magnitude earthquake reported near solomon islands . tsunami watch issued for hawaii .
at least 13 people killed in california tour bus , semi-truck crash , officials say .
retweeted fox news gop-led house adopts rule to fine members who violate decorum rules , a response .
lego boost teaches kids to bring blocks to life with code .
retweeted fox news california rejects abolishing death penalty ; narrowly passes proposition to speed up executions .
ken bone 's halloween plan ill dress as me because i look just like me .
trump a ' selfish little sleaze ball ' '' property .
danny elfman [UNK] scores a video [UNK] footage of trump [UNK] behind hillary clinton .
it would be hypocritical of me to vote ' '' property .
obama says alternate routes are being [UNK] for dakota pipeline .
podesta should have emailed about this .
trumps transition team asks for list of programs that aim to promote gender equality rattling state department employees .
listen to bob dylans many [UNK] .
nominate your choice for hottest new startup in the 10th annual #crunchies awards .
iceberg the size of delaware to break off from antarctica .
pan pan , father to a generation of pandas , dies in china .
kushner at the center of trump transition ' infighting , ' sources say '' property .
we are not planning on erecting a deportation force ' @cnnpolitics .
abolish the electoral college without an amendment .
germany 's die welt , citing police , say christmas market attacker is still at large .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
would you pay $ [UNK] for a whiff of [UNK] air ?
a new era of internet attacks powered by everyday devices .
saudis blame funeral hall bombing on mistake .
kasich votes mccain instead of trump .
grace hopper and margaret hamilton awarded presidential medal of freedom for computing advances .
maybe the country needs trump to show ' authoritarian power ' '' property .
tapper fact-checks trump 's tweet #usefulupdates check it out here .
horrors in aleppo reports of mass graves , booby traps as troops sweep city .
trump 's campaign manager no , i do not believe ' there will be widespread voter fraud @cnnpolitics .
louisville 's lamar jackson wins heisman trophy [UNK] .
chelynn world news malta official libyan plane possibly [UNK] .
facebook helped drive a voter registration surge , election officials say .
former cuban leader fidel castro dies at age 90 .
fake us embassy in ghana shut down after issuing illegally obtained authentic visas for decade state department says .
trump takes aim at michelle obama bbc [UNK] .
chelynn world news malta official libyan plane possibly [UNK] .
trumps labor sec pick is a gross misogynist into hot women in bikinis .
in istanbul , 38 were killed and 136 injured in 2 blasts possibly targeting police officers .
trump is angry at nbc news for using this photo of him , so please do n't use this enhanced
father of officer gunned down in dallas sniper attack sues black lives matter .
new york city asks u.s. to pay trump security costs ; puts first bill at $ 35 million .
volkswagen parts ways with historian who chronicled its nazi past .
self driving cars causing reduction in accidents , will exacerbate organ donation shortages .
obama says he 'll speak out against trump if he thinks us ideals are at risk .
google 's new sprayscape app is a purposely imperfect .
kansas approvingly cites dred scott to explain why it can ban abortion .
here 's the spread of fake news .
spacex exec [UNK] to do grassroots work to combat [UNK] .
louisville 's lamar jackson wins heisman trophy [UNK] .
ex-nfl star darren sharper sentenced to 20 years in prison as rape victims in l.a. speak out .
republicans stole the supreme court and we ca n't let them get away with it .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
crystal palace have appointed sam allardyce as manager on a two-and-a-half-year deal .
how to stop sugar sneaking into your child 's diet '' property .
trump team asks state for info on gender programs @cnnpolitics .
local transmission of zika virus is reported in texas .
babylon health partners with uk nhs to replace telephone helpline with ai-powered chatbot .
clinton tells fundraisers fbi comey letter sank presidential bid via the @foxnews android app .
pat mccrory lost as governor in nc wants to steal the seat back .
hitler 's only kidding about the antisemitism '' new york times , 1922 .
bbc news indian actor om puri dies aged 66 .
trending techcrunch news @mikeyuhn microsoft is now a braver , [UNK] .
as ratings plummet , n.f.l. considers reducing ads and length of games new york times .
if mexicans are the winners of nafta , it 's news to them .
the first movie shot in [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] looks fantastic . its also unwatchable .
bag of toys [UNK] evacuation of trump tower lobby #usefulupdates check it out here .
google 's new photoscan app makes it easy to digitize old prints .
google pixel review assessing the new smartphone new york times .
new york times billy bush officially [UNK] nbc .
trump sexual assault allegations the floodgates are open .
hackers used new weapons to disrupt major websites across u.s. the new york times .
arctic ice should be growing , but it 's shrinking .
trump is bereft of patriotism , and seems to hate the country he wants to lead .
rodrigo duterte says donald trump endorses his violent antidrug campaign .
shootings in new york fall to lowest number since the 90s .
at & t is buying time warner for $ 85.4 b in cash & amp ; shares .
sarah palin under consideration for va secretary .
snoop dogg slams colin kaepernick for castro praise , says choose between football , revolution .
uber defies california regulators with self-driving car service new york times .
the 2nd avenue subway is scheduled to open in december .
[UNK] gop 's power grab to limit democratic governor @cnnpolitics .
police arrest suspect in shooting of 2 des moines officers des moines register .
i 'm with @berniesanders . the next dnc chair should be @keithellison . add your name here .
federal judge extends florida voter registration deadline a federal court has extended florida 's voter .
the most-read stories of 2016 the new york times .
with north korea looming , trump may be rethinking china showdown new york times .
hollywood is living in a bubble ' and stars should n't talk politics .
donald trump 's path to 270 electoral votes is precarious but he could do it .
bob dylan songs that changed the course of history '' property .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
rudy giuliani removes himself from consideration for trump cabinet post .
email about a qatari offer shows thorny ethical issues clinton foundation faced .
retweeted fox news eric garner 's daughter blasts clinton campaign after wikileaks .
what our sons are learning from [UNK] & gt ; & gt .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
5 things to think about before buying your child a cell phone for christmas .
[UNK] chief warns donald trump against tearing up iran nuclear deal .
trump picks elaine chao for transportation secretary draining the swamp .
steel ladder to connect cliff-top chinese village with outside world '' property .
teen vogues trump takedown shouldnt be a surprise . teen vogue rocks .
oliver hart and bengt holmstrom win nobel in economics for work on contracts .
trump leads clinton in new florida poll '' property .
reuters finds lead levels higher than flints in thousands of locales new york times .
michael moores october surprise new york times .
john glenn , american hero of the space age , dies at 95 .
when trump says he look at whats going on in syria , its so sad .
load of manure dumped outside dnc party [UNK] in ohio county .
how trump reshaped the election map the new york times .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
lenovo 's new vr headset is coming , it 'll cost less than $ 400 .
turns out melania trump did work illegally in u.s. .
[UNK] far right signs a cooperation pact with [UNK] party , meets with trump 's national security adviser .
trumps health secretary pick , tom price , endangers women .
we are on the verge of a consumer m & a avalanche .
email headache returns new clinton messages show passwords , schedules flowed freely .
saudi prince executed for murdering man in brawl .
jay z to headline concert for hillary clinton #usefulupdates check it out here .
a full repeal of obamacare would cost $ [UNK] over the next decade .
i made hillary clinton president . play the bbc 's predict the president game .
donald trump calls allegations by women false smears the new york times .
obama vows action against russia for hacks via cnnbrk cnn retweet .
how did walmart get cleaner stores and higher sales ? it paid its people more .
canadian journalists detention at u.s. border raises press freedom '' property .
kentucky football game shooting leaves 2 dead .
a missing persons case where are women at the top ranks ?
latest news update from luisa florez . chelsea manning tried committing suicide a second time in october .
ruth bader ginsburg apologizes to colin kaepernick after criticizing anthem protest .
fake news [UNK] confirmation bias . it plays on the [UNK] fallacy .
trump campaign denounces kkk 's official newspaper 's [UNK] | '' property .
more americans voted for hillary clinton than donald trump .
these are teslas new solar roof tiles for homes .
sturgill simpson is as surprised as you about his grammy nomination .
us economy grows 2.9 % in 3q ; strongest growth in 2 years after exports up .
former cuban leader fidel castro dies '' property .
vice president-elect mike pence to take over trump transition effort from chris christie .
period tracking app clue pulls in $ 20 million series b from nokia growth partners .
top [UNK] story reading fake news , pakistani minister directs nuclear .
donald trump is picking his cabinet . heres a shortlist . the new york times .
latest news update from luisa florez . small , shadowy band of militants .
how did donald trump win over so many obama voters ?
at & t , time warner executives have met in recent weeks to discuss a possible merger .
its well-established that hillary clinton belonged to a satanic cult , still does [UNK] .
former cuban leader fidel castro dies at age 90 .
elon musk might start a literal '' boring company '' to tunnel under traffic .
new cutting-edge $ 4b navy destroyer malfunctions in panama canal @cnnpolitics .
race would have been tougher if sanders was vp pick .
abedin reportedly pleads ignorance of how emails got on shared laptop .
hillary clinton for not wearing makeup during her childrens defense fund speech .
i 'm with @berniesanders . the next dnc chair should be @keithellison . add your name here .
jolla os now certified as russian government 's first ' android alternative .
for the parents of these newly [UNK] twins , it 's a very thanksgiving indeed .
cleveland browns win 1st game of season with 20-17 victory against san diego chargers .
[UNK] new 5-pound note is stronger and safer , but isnt [UNK] for [UNK] .
college threatens police response for students wearing ' offensive ' costumes .
trump calls for drug test ahead of next debate @cnnpolitics .
boss tells pro-trump employees to resign if you voted for donald trump .
donald trump says snl is part of election & amp ; should be canceled .
black freshmen at upenn added to a & ldquo ; daily lynching & rdquo ; hate group .
paul beatty wins man booker prize with ' the sellout new york times .
hillary clinton sought to '' undermine our democracy '' through cyberattacks on cyberattacks .
chelynn world news obama to black voters trump would undo my legacy .
ivanka trumps presence at meeting with [UNK] leader raises questions .
electoral college settles donald trumps victory , but little else .
why i will not cast my electoral vote for donald trump .
free beer for life these [UNK] are cut off .
the pieces of zadie smith .
why we cant know whether facebook is to blame for trumps election .
donald trump gets first major endorsement in las vegas .
hillary clinton 's lead in popular vote nears 2 million @cnnpolitics .
trump 's tax plan would add to debt and hillary clintons wouldnt , study finds .
medical and health news that stuck with us in 2016 .
[UNK] [UNK] trapped in '' labyrinth of his own making .
buzz aldrin , second man on the moon , is being evacuated from south pole due to .
oliver hart and bengt holmstrom win nobel in economics for work on contracts .
latest news update from luisa florez . how to self-check the news and get the facts .
an oklahoma newspaper endorsed clinton . it hasnt been forgiven .
officer who shot keith lamont scott .
google signs on to the net foundation as net support to tizen .
russian plane crash unlikely to be terrorism military choir on board putin orders investigation .
at & t is in advanced talks to acquire time warner $ [UNK] deal .
ukrainian hackers release emails [UNK] top russian official to ukraine .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
six ways to sweat out stress @cnn .
three mobile cyber hack six million customers ' private information at risk .
how to pounce on best credit card offers .
at home , he cuts salaries and freezes contracts . on holiday , this saudi prince [UNK] .
mass grave of 100 beheaded found in a school south of mosul , iraq says .
on election day , trump still [UNK] he may not accept results via the @foxnews android app .
maybe dont grab her by anything [UNK] particularly her brains .
the two-state solution what it is and why it hasnt happened .
clinton leads by 7 points in pennsylvania poll the new york times .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
hate crime charges filed in chicago beating streamed on facebook live via the @foxnews app .
russian officials were in contact with trump campaign , diplomat says .
trump & amp ; hillary clinton had a bitter , personal debate until the very last moments .
trump ahead in arizona and texas , but deadlocked in georgia .
trump explains why he rejects daily intelligence briefings im , like , a smart person .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
i made hillary clinton president . play the bbc 's predict the president game .
trump tower turns into ' dump tower ' on google maps @cnnpolitics .
chelynn world news train engineer in crash had undiagnosed sleep apnea .
army corps denies easement for dakota access pipeline crossing .
obama orders review of russian [UNK] hacking .
u.n. plans to pay victims of cholera outbreak it caused in haiti .
the dakota access pipeline that has lead to months of clashes clashes over federal reserve .
the new york times world 's saddest polar bear bear is moved temporarily from chinese mall .
us says new jersey town that denied mosque discriminated against muslims .
how pearl harbor shaped the modern world new york times .
andy murray becomes world number one after raonic withdraws from paris masters .
a battle to change medicare is brewing , whether trump wants it or not .
trump is wrong on mosul attack , military experts say .
journalism faces an ' existential crisis ' in trump era '' property .
we got some experts to evaluate the state of imperial cybersecurity in rogue one .
welcome to the worlds smallest soccer league . both teams are here . new york times .
cut ties to donald trump , big donors [UNK] [UNK] .
russia risks becoming pariah over syria bombing via jusswaggtv .
as ratings plummet , n.f.l. considers reducing ads and length of games new york times .
top story from techcrunch twitter decides to release earnings while most of us are .
david petraeus shared classified info . can he be secretary of state ?
the year in pictures 2016 the year in pictures 2016 .
google pixel review assessing the new smartphone new york times .
fought to preserve alabamas long history of separate and unequal education .
dude ranch owner asked chef to make ' black people food ' for tourists , lawsuit claims .
alleged joe mcknight shooter released from custody with no charges filed , [UNK] officials say .
north carolina legislature fails to repeal ' bathroom bill .
twin suicide attacks on busy baghdad street leaves at least 19 .
women 's cancer deaths expected to rise 60 % by 2030 .
woman pleads guilty to hitting immigrant with beer mug .
as ratings plummet , n.f.l. considers reducing ads and length of games new york times .
cities will fight climate change , with or without trump .
with north korea looming , trump may be rethinking china showdown new york times .
teslas new solar roof tiles and home battery are such a big deal .
protecting donald trump costs new york city more than $ 1 million a day .
comey memo to staffers says election , timing required disclosure of renewed probe .
donald trump is unpopular , and so is the gop agenda .
we are feeling what not having hope feels like via jusswaggtv .
hate crime charges filed in chicago beating streamed on facebook live via the @foxnews app .
obama vows action against russia for hacks via cnnbrk cnn retweet .
in city built by immigrants , immigration is the defining political issue new york times .
retweeted fox news threat of government shutdown is over , democrats say after holding up a holding up .
man who shouted ' jew-s-a ' is ' deplorable .
megyn kelly tells tales out of fox news in her memoir , settle for more the truth [UNK] .
fbi reopens clinton probe after new emails found in anthony weiner case .
the new york times did you miss it ?
your surgeon is probably a republican , your [UNK] probably a democrat .
is this how you want to be remembered ? kennedy #jillstein on recount effort .
finland will hand out cash to 2,000 jobless people , free of [UNK] or limits on side earnings .
nigerian officers killed 150 peaceful protesters , amnesty report claims .
retweeted fox news new jersey is known for cheap gas . the glory days are about to end .
this is bonda . she sells babies in the [UNK] .
we are behind , says trump campaign @cnnpolitics .
the brilliance of a stradivari violin might rest within its wood .
nevada judge denies trump request to separate early voting ballots @cnnpolitics .
ivanka trump to meet with al gore on climate change as trump tweets again .
optimist [UNK] talking points for 2017 .
trump wants to drain the swamp , but change will be complex and costly .
i am in a test for twitters new @ reply design and it is a mess .
chelynn world news trump wishes happy new year to ' my many enemies .
russian officials were in contact with trump campaign , diplomat says .
the democrats are screwing up the resistance to trump sessions ' nomination [UNK] [UNK] .
china bans its ivory trade , moving against elephant poaching the new york times .
join our board companies hotly pursue new wave of women in tech .
french president franois hollande announces he will not seek re-election .
2 iowa police officers killed ; suspect in custody .
comeys review of emails related to clinton server triggered by [UNK] agents , source says .
hollywood is living in a bubble ' and stars should n't talk politics .
meet the man who spent $ 9 million on a license plate .
former nfl player joe mcknight shot , killed in terrytown shooting .
unveils possible routes for streetcar in brooklyn and queens .
google launches first developer preview of android things , its new iot platform .
donald trump is unpopular , and so is the gop agenda .
paul ryan said he wo n't defend donald trump @cnnpolitics .
lock her up ? maybe not so much , giuliani and christie say @cnnpolitics .
breaking up with twitter check out via nyt the new york .
chelynn world news trump isnt rewarding a lot of loyalists with cabinet jobs .
trump calls for drug test ahead of next debate @cnnpolitics .
megyn kelly leaving fox news for nbc news via jusswaggtv .
trump wants to drain the swamp , but change will be complex and costly .
killer whale at center of ' blackfish ' dies via jusswaggtv .
facebook said to create censorship tool to get back into china .
trump is considering ' special session ' to repeal obamacare on inauguration day .
maggie hassan [UNK] kelly ayotte in new hampshire senate race new york times .
white house said it . did n't want to interfere with the election election .
white [UNK] [UNK] trump 's top cabinet posts @cnnpolitics .
trump calls for revoking flag burners citizenship . court rulings forbid it . thank you @realdonaldtrump .
donald trumps victory speech the new york times .
clinton vp list : divided into ' food groups ' by race , gender .
k-indemand news 6 missing after small plane loses contact over lake erie .
hillary clinton presses her advantage over a struggling donald trump .
clinton leads trump by 7 points via jusswaggtv .
trump sexual assault allegations the floodgates are open .
do n't take donald trump to dinner new york times .
chelynn world news obama to black voters trump would undo my legacy .
the trump administration wont protect diversity and inclusion . corporate america must .
missing russian military plane crashed & amp ; plane wreckage was found in black sea .
zsa zsa gabor dead at 99 .
primo toys rolls out cubetto , a wooden robot that teaches kids to code .
russian , us jets had near miss over syria on oct . 17 , us defense officials say .
we need to clean this up clinton aide cried foul on obama 's email denial .
russia loses seat on un human rights council by just 2 votes .
claude grainstack sets record with $ 81.4 million at auction .
2016 was a hard year to be an apple fan tx .
muslim teen admits she lied about being attacked by trump supporters .
man gets $ 75 after being wrongly imprisoned for 31 years .
i would have voted for trump proves he did n't vote .
at least nine people were killed in an explosion at a fireworks market in mexico city .
hate crime charges filed in chicago beating streamed on facebook live via the @foxnews app .
man who shouted ' jew-s-a ' is ' deplorable .
an incomplete list of racist incidents since trump was elected president .
some of trump 's prominent cabinet nominees are moving unusually slowly through financial disclosure process .
the new york times ' latest election polls 2016 .
donald trump on accuser take a look at her . i do n't think so .
tennessee fires force [UNK] in gatlinburg @cnn .
fentanyl [UNK] heroin as the deadliest drug on long island .
lego boost teaches kids to bring blocks to life with code .
clinton leads trump by 7 points via jusswaggtv .
spain is getting rid of streets named after fascist leaders , dedicating them to women .
galaxy note 7 owners told to turn off [UNK] amid 5 catching fire .
hillary clinton to close the campaign by assembling political equivalent of ' the avengers .
database of undocumented new yorkers could be deleted in trump win .
suspect arrested in killing of san antonio police officer via the @foxnews android app .
retweeted [UNK] [UNK] news pentonville prison escapees named as cellmates james whitlock , 31 .
president obama explains why you cant run the u.s. like a startup .
harvard cancels mens soccer season over lewd ratings of female players new york times .
california professor caught on video calling trump 's election ' terrorism .
eric trump may have broken law with ballot tweet @cnnpolitics .
clinton to join recount that trump calls ' scam ' [UNK] .
lorry kills nine at christmas market - bbc news .
i 'm with @berniesanders . the next dnc chair should be @keithellison . add your name here .
the man who killed the former new york jets player was arrested .
texas will require aborted fetal tissue to be buried instead of disposed in a sanitary landfill .
the electoral college has affirmed donald j . trump as the nations 45th president , pushing him past .
and the u.s. election what we know and dont know .
senate 's political punch-thrower says farewell , leaves trail of gaffes [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] .
trump says the u.s. should expand its nuclear [UNK] the new york times .
thousands of men to be [UNK] for gay sex , once a crime in britain .
justice department to monitor polls in 28 states on election day the new york times .
jury acquits all defendants found wildlife refuge standoff .
man coughed and heaved for 13 minutes during execution #usefulupdates check it out here .
climate deal will reduce of chemical used in air-conditioners and refrigerators .
paul beatty wins man booker prize with ' the sellout new york times .
donald trump settles trump university lawsuits .
the democrats are screwing up the resistance to trump sessions ' nomination [UNK] [UNK] .
nigerian officers killed 150 peaceful protesters , amnesty report claims .
rockettes not required to dance at trump inauguration , company says .
60 libraries announce boycott of elsevier [UNK] over open access .
i was speaking spanish on the phone a few min ago .
why bob dylan shouldnt have gotten a nobel [UNK] bob dylan .
joe biden to trump grow up , donald ' [UNK] .
rodrigo duterte says donald trump endorses his violent antidrug campaign .
the big league prospect who became a mob hit man new york times .
russian hackers penetrated u.s. electricity grid through vermont utility .
a 7.0 - magnitude earthquake struck off the coast of central america , the us geological survey .
we do n't have any power but now we 're close enough to smell it .
7.3 - magnitude earthquake strikes off japan , tsunami warning on @cnn .
samsung temporarily suspends production of galaxy note 7 .
why its not wrong to wish muslims merry christmas .
what will a trump administration mean for the nation 's public lands ?
in face of brexit , signs of [UNK] pulling together .
the new york timess lawyer responds to donald trump .
a new form of an old kgb dirty child pornography on the computers of enemies by [UNK] [UNK] .
voters target electoral college to switch trump ballots , elect clinton .
top [UNK] story how a putin fan overseas pushed pro-trump propaganda .
repo man pays off elderly couple 's car , gives it back .
gordon hamilton , climate scientist , dies in accident in antarctica .
spotify and apple music get unofficial mixes , the best part of [UNK] .
pope francis extends priests ability to forgive abortion .
russian military plane [UNK] from [UNK] near sochi .
north carolina gov . pat mccrory says state says state 's death toll from hurricane matthew .
yahoo confirms more than one billion accounts compromised in massive data breach .
heres how the federal government made the maps that crippled black neighborhoods .
sarah palin being considered for the #trump cabinet .
four more charged in flint water crisis .
tom hayden , civil rights and antiwar activist turned [UNK] , dies at 76 .
trumps electoral college victory ranks [UNK] in [UNK] elections .
hillary clinton 's popular vote lead over donald trump now exceeds 1.5 million votes .
a minnesota city responds after a black man was arrested by walking in the street .
this yet ? do n't even @ me unless you have . and i mean more than .
fbi discovered clinton-related emails weeks ago the fbi discovered clinton-related emails weeks ago .
carrier says it has struck a deal with trump to keep nearly 1,000 jobs in indiana .
top [UNK] story donald trump picks reince priebus as chief of staff .
no , you ca n't vote by text message @cnnpolitics .
donald trump is picking his cabinet . heres a shortlist . the new york times .
biden was interrupted during trump 's electoral vote certification @cnnpolitics .
ranchers spar with obama over new national monuments in utah and nevada via the @foxnews app .
i can not lie , rodrigo duterte says , confirming he did kill people as mayor .
the new york timess lawyer responds to donald trump .
dakota access pipeline to be rerouted '' property .
trump star on hollywood walk of fame is smashed the new york times .
nobody really knows ' if climate change is real .
trump 's disputed twitter claim about boeing turns out to be completely true .
magnitude 7.7 earthquake hits off southern coast '' property .
bakersfield police shoot unarmed 73-year-old man fatally blame .
amazon plans to enter southeast asia with singapore launch in q1 2017 .
hillary clinton leads by 7 points in pennsylvania poll .
no longer works for many young queer women . but can a community exist without a name ?
fbi discovered clinton-related emails weeks ago the fbi discovered clinton-related emails weeks ago , [UNK] .
colombia 's congress has approved a historic peace agreement that will lead to the disarming of rebels .
israel pm questioned in corruption probe #usefulupdates check it out here .
at & t is in advanced talks to acquire time warner $ [UNK] deal .
this was the year of vr , until ar stole it .
the first step to stopping negative thoughts is a surprising one do n't try to stop them .
nordstrom 's $ 85 leather-wrapped rock has sold out .
the sacred land at the center of the dakota pipeline fight .
we should just cancel the election ' and declare me the winner .
blockchain is empowering the future of insurance .
berlin [UNK] , destruction so complete that it obliterates even a sense of time .
all this talk of voter fraud ? across u.s. , officials found next to none .
audience members walk out on amy schumer after trump criticisms new york times .
pence says no need for apology after hamilton jeers , lecture .
abby wambach , retired u.s. soccer star , reflects on her addiction .
top [UNK] story apple pulls new york times app from china app .
former us attorney general janet reno dies at 78 .
trumps election leaves angela merkel as the liberal [UNK] last defender .
bolton on trump 's taiwan call china does n't tell us who we can talk to fox news .
leonard cohen , epic and enigmatic songwriter , is dead at 82 new york times .
spain is getting rid of streets named after fascist leaders , dedicating them to women .
china bans its ivory trade , moving against elephant poaching the new york times .
audience members walk out on amy schumer after trump criticisms new york times .
israelis called trump to weigh in ahead of un security council vote .
sham ' us embassy in ghana issued fake visas for a decade .
trump going after obama at fl rally all he does is campaign .
twitter lays off 9 % of its workforce as it posts a [UNK] positive q3 .
potus [UNK] margaret hamilton , who helped create software for nasa command modules , the [UNK] [UNK] .
one president at a time ? for trump , no qualms in contradicting obama .
nancy pelosi beats back house democratic leadership challenge .
the cure for fake journalism is an overwhelming dose of good journalism .
russian hackers penetrated u.s. electricity grid through vermont utility .
delta air lines bans [UNK] donald trump supporter for life [UNK] [UNK] .
megyn kelly leaving fox news for nbc news via jusswaggtv .
twitter lays off 9 % of its workforce as it posts a [UNK] positive q3 .
obama administration ending program once used to track mostly arab and muslim men .
she never spoke of it to her husband . then she heard the trump tape .
hillary clinton likely received more votes than any presidential candidate [UNK] obama .
attacker opens fire at istanbul nightclub , news agency reports [UNK] .
obama , angela merkel in berlin , assails spread of fake news new york times .
pope extends power to forgive abortion '' property .
clinton tells fundraisers fbi comey letter sank presidential bid via the @foxnews android app .
the new york times the problem isnt donald trump 's mental health .
officials doubt donald trump has direct link to russia .
after paul ryan denied to [UNK] donald trump , the reaction from hard-liners was swift and angry .
syrian government announces [UNK] backed by russia and turkey new york times .
wikileaks releases clinton 's wall street speeches .
trump is set to undermine the things you take for granted in government .
google flights will now tell you when fares will increase , help you find cheaper tickets .
positive ratings for president obama as he exits via the @foxnews android app .
trump focuses on blue states clinton makes battleground stops on final campaign sunday .
us navy ship comes under fire near yemen by via hacker news .
the three women of color trump has appointed , so far @cnnpolitics .
retweeted fox news carl paladino , trump ally , wishes obama dead of mad cow disease .
minnesota police officer who fatally shot philando castile has been charged with second-degree manslaughter .
donald trump is picking his cabinet . heres a shortlist . the new york times .
maybe the country needs trump to show ' authoritarian power ' '' property .
peter thiel donating $ 1.25 million to donald trump 's campaign .
kasich votes mccain instead of trump .
top [UNK] story emails warrant no new action against hillary clinton , f.b.i. .
agony of earth 's hottest year i miss that cold-cold weather .
un human rights chief warns of war crimes in aleppo .
louisville 's lamar jackson wins heisman trophy [UNK] .
houthi rebels fire 2 missiles at us navy destroyer in red sea .
three people wounded in aleppo ends , russia says , with syria rebel fighters to leave in .
@asranomani is an immigrant , a muslim and a life-long liberal . by [UNK] [UNK] trump .
billy bush , host on today , is suspended by nbc .
wi-fi passwords from airports around the world in one map .
fbi sends letter to congress saying email review completed , decision not to prosecute clinton stands .
indiegogo to launch campaigns combining perks and equity investment this year .
former cuban leader fidel castro dies '' property .
what happens when the electoral college goes rogue ?
those insanely long early voting lines were a result of republican voter suppression .
four people were killed in attack in afghanistan , defense secretary ash carter says .
trump picks ex-wwe ceo linda mcmahon to serve as small business administration chief .
donald trump 's strategy to cut property taxes donald trump 's [UNK] property .
6 people stabbed at mental health facility outside pittsburgh ; suspect shot by police .
the rooms they left behind new york times .
facebook launches live 360 video from natgeo today , everyone next year .
chelsea clinton reportedly being groomed for congressional run via the @foxnews android app .
uber deploying self-driving cars from san francisco pilot in arizona instead .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
george pell interviewed in rome over allegations over allegations in australia .
fbi had to build custom software to separate huma abedin emails .
netflix users can chill over their data limits , after new year .
fun for kids , torture for parents new york times .
in 6 years , drug wholesalers shipped shipped million opioid pills into the west virginia .
approval ratings for south korean president park geun-hye have dipped into single digits .
why your facebook friends are checking in to standing rock lt ; & lt ; new york times .
china flies nuclear-capable bomber in south china sea after trump taiwan call , us officials .
va hospital left deceased veteran in shower room for 9 hours , report finds .
three mobile cyber hack six million customers ' private information at risk .
is the opioid crisis partly to blame for trump ? the new york times .
nobody believed in me how trump 's doggedness and defiance won white house .
federal judge [UNK] florida 's '' obscene '' [UNK] '' '' undeclared war '' on voting rights .
mayor in taiwan said a trump organization representative discussed investment opportunities .
self driving cars causing reduction in accidents , will exacerbate organ donation shortages .
russian [UNK] carrier admiral kuznetsov passes through english channel .
at least 35 people have been killed and 40 injured in istanbul nightclub attack .
issues where trumps cabinet picks and most americans [UNK] .
supreme court to rule in transgender access case .
at least 35 people have been killed and 40 injured in istanbul nightclub attack .
this is the neo-nazi [UNK] bannon 's site described as leading '' intellectual .
the new york times ' latest election polls 2016 .
chelynn world news 2 dead 2 dead 2 dead in powerful new zealand earthquake .
boko haram releases 21 chibok girls to nigerian government .
it really is insane that trump got away with not releasing his tax returns .
security camera was infected by malware 98 seconds after pluggedin .
i was a believer face-to-face with isis inside an iraqi prison .
obama vows action against russia for hacks via cnnbrk cnn retweet .
clinton ally helped fund campaign of fbi official 's wife .
the trump tape does n't matter @cnn .
peter thiel to donate $ 1.25 million in support of donald trump .
tweeted times latest new solar roof tiles for homes .
tom price , obamacare critic , is said to be trumps choice for health secretary .
trump says he 'll sue sexual misconduct accusers .
bill clinton bashes trump , blames ' angry white men ' and comey for wife 's loss .
in news , whats fake and whats real can depend on what you want to believe .
columbia suspends wrestling season over lewd and racist text messages the new york times .
your surgeon is probably a republican , your [UNK] probably a democrat .
trump is angry at nbc news for using this photo of him , so please do n't use this enhanced
chilling nasa video shows arctic ice vanish over 30 years .
obama plans farewell speech from chicago new york times .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
hillary clinton presses her advantage over a struggling donald trump .
local transmission of zika virus is reported in texas .
samsung will ask all global partners to stop sales and exchanges of galaxy note 7 [UNK] further investigation .
retweeted fox news three kansas militia charged with plotting to bomb apartment complex home to .
new york city students allowed to skip class to join in trump protests .
a scandal too far ? huma abedin , hillary clinton , and a test of [UNK] .
obama pardons 78 people and commutes 153 sentences , the most in one day by any [UNK] .
cut ties to donald trump , big donors [UNK] [UNK] .
trumps promises will be hard to keep , but coal country has faith new york times .
retweeted cnn breaking news widespread flooding expected for several days in north carolina .
looks in iphone 7 [UNK] at [UNK] cable . looks at new macbook pro [UNK] .
donald trump [UNK] taiwan back on the table , [UNK] a [UNK] .
the new york timess lawyer responds to donald trump .
hillary clinton addresses new email inquiry .
trump & rsquo ; s education secretary pick shows he wants to gut public schools .
trump mistook a black supporter at his rally for a [UNK] and called him a '' thug .
time is running out [UNK] to register to vote .
got a hacked yahoo account ? 's what you should do .
clinton tops trump by 6 pts the new york times .
apple removes new york times apps from its store in china the new york times .
obama administration bars states from withholding federal money from planned parenthood new york times .
after trump win , new yorkers volunteer to [UNK] fearful commuters .
the horror is everything the gop could tolerate about donald trump .
donald trump settles trump university lawsuits .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
no longer works for many young queer women . but can a community exist without a name ?
apple 's new macbook pro just killed off the ports you probably need .
new york times election front pages through the new york times .
megyn kelly tells tales out of fox news in her memoir , settle for more the truth [UNK] .
donald trump 's ' celebrity apprentice ' deal may include money from brands .
us election 2016 trump challenges clinton to drug test before debate .
retweeted fox news suspect captured after 2 iowa officers killed in ambush-style attacks .
john kelly , retired marine general , is trumps choice to lead homeland security .
amazon patents show flying warehouses that send delivery drones to your door .
mexico city holds first day of the dead parade .
white women sold out the sisterhood and the world by voting for trump .
more than 160 republican leaders dont support donald trump . heres when they reached their breaking point .
russia requires apple and google to remove linkedin from local app stores .
if america wants to know what is coming , it should study what happened here .
coddling campus crybabies students take up toddler therapy after trump win .
a historic number of electors defected , and most were supposed to vote for clinton .
forget spectacles , group messaging is [UNK] most important launch in 2016 .
chelynn world news 200 people hospitalized with breathing difficulties in tennessee .
christmas carol service accidentally prints words to tupac 's hail mary instead of carol .
new climate-friendlier coolant has a catch new york times .
security camera was infected by malware 98 seconds after pluggedin .
wonder woman is now a un honorary ambassador for the empowerment of woman and girls .
chelynn world news obama to deliver farewell address in chicago .
here 's who and who is not performing at trumps inauguration '' property .
women ' nearing equality with men in alcohol consumption .
child refugees in turkey making clothes for uk [UNK] @bbcworld .
donald trump threatens legal action against nbc over ' access hollywood ' tape .
fbi chief james comey is in political crossfire over emails .
hillary clinton blames f.b.i. director for election loss .
russia requires apple and google to remove linkedin from local app stores .
cia says i do n't believe it .
a federal judge has ordered michigan 's board of elections to stop the state 's electoral recount .
trump leads clinton in new florida poll donald trump has a 2 [UNK] point in congress .
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war .
the democrats are screwing up the resistance to trump sessions ' nomination [UNK] [UNK] .
clinton to join recount that trump calls ' scam ' [UNK] .
whats new on cnn ohio [UNK] approved a bill that would ban abortions after a fetus ' heart .
trump sexual assault allegations the floodgates are open .
fbi in internal feud over clinton probe .
chilling nasa video shows arctic ice vanish over 30 years .
uk betraying ' just about managing families .
attacks against american muslims surged last year , driving an overall increase in hate crimes .
trump said in 2014 that russian hacking was a ' big problem .
leon russell , member of rock & amp ; roll hall of fame , dies at 74 .
how donald trump talks about the rest of america when he & rsquo ; s with his buddies .
trump picks elaine chao for transportation secretary draining the swamp .
trumps income isnt always what he says it is , records suggest donald trump and his [UNK] .
[UNK] [UNK] has created 250,000 fake websites to trick advertisers , researchers say .
trending techcrunch news @mikeyuhn tesla 's new solar roof tiles .
russia tests anti-satellite weapon #usefulupdates check it out here .
veteran broadcaster sir jimmy young dies aged 95 bbc news .
dylann roof found guilty in charleston church massacre .
donald trump 's path to 270 electoral votes is precarious but he could do it .
ieee puts out a first draft guide for how tech can achieve ethical ai design .
richard [UNK] 1998 book suggested election 2016 was coming .
what makes a new york city kid ? the new york times .
california professor caught on video calling trump 's election ' terrorism .
more than 160 republican leaders dont support donald trump . heres when they reached their breaking point .
college students want to kill foreign language requirements . tell them '' nein .
boing boing 's 2016 gift guide books .
world series game 5 cubs [UNK] to [UNK] lead over indians .
we are feeling what not having hope feels like via jusswaggtv .
how the twinkie made the [UNK] even richer the new york times .
indian official blames womens western dress for mass molestation the new york times .
obama bars future oil [UNK] in swaths of atlantic , arctic oceans .
trump ready to accept russia hacking report , if cia , fbi get on same page .
trumps health secretary pick , tom price , endangers women .
emails in anthony weiner inquiry .
crossing the line how donald trump behaved with women in private .
13 former george w . bush officials endorse hillary clinton in open letter .
ohio state university muslim attacker killed , 9 hospitalized after campus attack .
were increasingly paying extra to get the digital version of a book or movie .
california hires eric holder as legal bulwark against donald trump .
top [UNK] story bob dylan wins nobel literature prize .
catholic bishops challenge donald trump on immigration .
nearly 6,000 women from saudi arabia wrote to the nyt about their lives in 2016 .
top [UNK] story new york times names a.g. sulzberger deputy publisher .
exxon [UNK] chief rises as trumps choice for secretary of state new york times .
retweeted fox news mayor says chicago will ' always be a sanctuary city ' in face of .
google says it will run [UNK] on [UNK] energy in 2017 .
what kids wish their teachers knew what kids wish their teachers knew .
man is swallowed alive by roiling pool of hot acid at yellowstone .
bob dylan wins nobel prize for literature @cnn .
obama says once he will not remain silent if trump goes too far thank you .
stein spent nearly $ 1 million of recount funds on consultants , staff , admin expenses .
ruth bader ginsburg calls colin kaepernicks national anthem protest dumb .
i was n't offended ' by message of ' hamilton ' cast @cnnpolitics nice response from [UNK] .
justice department obtains warrant to review clinton aides emails .
rachel bloom , elizabeth banks , and others [UNK] a profane anti-trump anthem la '' we are the world .
obama bans drilling in parts of the atlantic and the arctic .
hyperloop one will build the first hyperloop system to go from dubai to abu dhabi in 12 min .
toronto star compiles list of almost 500 trump lies during the campaign .
philippine mayor accused of drug links by duterte is killed by police new york times .
while we werent looking , snapchat revolutionized social networks .
nasa scientist warns earth is due for ' extinction-level ' event .
richard [UNK] 1998 book suggested election 2016 was coming .
20 places you should visit in your 20s .
fake news [UNK] facebook ? in facebook ? foreign elections , thats not new .
trump says he 's turning away ' billions president-elect donald trump said he 's turning away ' billions .
today top story zuckerberg implies facebook is a media company , just not a [UNK] .
fbi warrant in clinton case , revealing extent of classified info on laptop .
lithium battery failure wipes out darpa robot at nasa .
clinton is a ' moral , ethical choice ' @cnnpolitics .
the stories of how these families [UNK] thanksgiving help tell the story of the u.s. [UNK] .
more than 160 republican leaders dont support donald trump . heres when they reached their breaking point .
pharrell williams looks to shine a spotlight on the hidden figures .
trump names his kids [UNK] to transition team .
trump team asks state for info on gender programs @cnnpolitics .
second ' safe ' samsung galaxy note 7 second replacement catches fire .
trump team resumes battle with press , hints at wh briefing changes .
latest news update from luisa florez . 48 are dead in siberia .
trump summons tv figures for private meeting , and lets them have it '' property .
berlin police says 9 dead and many injured .
american officials knew the interrogations would be painful . but they said it would not cause lasting harm .
donald trump speaks at the al smith dinner .
another woman says trump reached under her skirt and groped her in early 1990s .
ohio state university muslim attacker killed , 9 hospitalized after campus attack .
the new york times the problem isnt donald trump 's mental health .
judge suspends rule expanding overtime for millions of workers .
trump says hillary clinton win would create '' an unprecedented constitutional crisis .
hillary clinton wins dixville notch midnight vote .
what does a president-elect trump mean for silicon valley ?
jury acquits leaders of oregon standoff of federal charges .
first on cnn religious leaders slam clinton campaign over emails .
extremely questionable , if not illegal behavior ' outside polling station '' property .
chibok schoolgirls swapped for nigerian boko haram militants .
destroyed by the islamic state , syria 's cultural sites will get a life at the louvre .
we are a force to be reckoned with dreamers prepare for fight against trump .
debbie reynolds , mother of carrie fisher , dies at [UNK] .
hints at compromise with trump , but he wo n't be able to ' ko obamacare .
wildlife refuge occupiers in shock acquittal .
how russia and turkey brokered peace in syria and sidelined the us .
huge mysterious ufo disc-shaped object captured crossing moon 's surface was alien spaceship , say et hunters .
rex tillerson , an aggressive dealmaker whose ties with russia may [UNK] [UNK] .
lock her up ? maybe not so much , giuliani and christie say @cnnpolitics .
i 'm ' embarrassed ' by the campaign via jusswaggtv .
snoop dogg slams colin kaepernick for castro praise , says choose between football , revolution .
retweeted cnn breaking news putin cancels french president suggests russia guilty of war crimes .
retweeted fox news obama , clinton should call for calm ; reid should ' be very careful .
retweeted cnn breaking news one person was shot tuesday at the will rogers world airport in .
xi jinping may be core leader , but hes still really nervous .
hashtags helping people with disabilities find [UNK] on social media .
it 's time to grow up hannity goes off on ' coddled .
chelynn world news iraqi troops direct state is under way .
closing chinas ivory market will it save elephants ? check out via nyt the new york times .
how big banks are putting rain forests in peril the new york times .
video shows #clinton coordinated with liberal group to incite crowds .
obama , with angela merkel in berlin , assails spread of fake news .
justice department to track use of force by police across u.s.
trending techcrunch news @mikeyuhn monese raises $ 10m series a for its banking .
pentagon says china will return underwater drone ; trump slams beijing .
i do n't know ' if trump will be better for supreme court than clinton .
positive ratings for president obama as he exits via the @foxnews android app .
zadie smith on cultural appropriation , male critics , and how trump interests her novelistically .
on election day , trump still [UNK] he may not accept results via the @foxnews android app .
all tesla cars built from today have all hardware needed for full self-driving .
after trump win , new yorkers volunteer to [UNK] fearful commuters .
mass grave of 100 beheaded found in a school south of mosul , iraq says .
what ken bones porn preference tell us about internet privacy today .
us economy added 156,000 jobs in december and unemployment rate inched up to 4.7 % in jobs .
world series game 5 cubs [UNK] to [UNK] lead over indians .
85 year old [UNK] a marathon in 3 hours .
a mom says her son was left in tears after being [UNK] by a santa in their town .
fierce fighting reported in palmyra as control of ancient syrian city switches between is and government forces .
trump picks wall street lawyer jay clayton , who defended big banks , to lead sec .
donald trump is said to [UNK] to keep stake in his business .
gay republicans explain why they 're supporting donald trump .
why does education translate to less support for donald trump ?
clinton on new fbi email review we have not been contacted by anyone emails .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
trump says he 'll sue sexual misconduct accusers @cnnpolitics .
top [UNK] story bob dylan wins nobel literature prize .
un says 82 civilians shot on the spot .
three mobile cyber hack six million customers ' private information at risk .
dozens of california are considering a new way to raise revenue taxing your gilmore girls binge .
colombia and rebels sign new peace deal , this time skipping voters new york times .
the lawyer who became duponts worst nightmare new york times .
cities are cutting public transportation because they think uber will fill the gap . [UNK] it [UNK] .
rip gwen ifill , award-winning political reporter and author , dies at 61 .
donald trump jr. went to paris , where he held talks on syria with russia supporters same leaders need to
there are 10 times more galaxies in our universe than we 'd estimated '' property .
trump asking congress , not mexico , to pay for border wall .
boss tells pro-trump employees to resign if you voted for donald trump .
suck it up lawmaker wants to cut funding for schools coddling students over trump .
latest news update from luisa florez . the breakthrough prizes treat scientists like rock stars .
juanita broaddricks rape charges are credible . her attack on hillary clinton is not .
magic leap goes to finland in pursuit of nordic vr and ar talent .
trump claims , with no evidence , millions of people voted illegally .
while we werent looking , snapchat revolutionized social networks .
kendall jenner & amp ; join forces to launch wireless headphones .
trump takes credit for sprint plan to add 5,000 jobs in u.s.
take this quiz and stop drinking bottled water not this quiz .
the president-elect is suing washington d.c. so his luxury hotel can pay less taxes .
the f.b.i. director destroyed his own reputation #usefulupdates check it out here .
uber losses expected to hit $ 3 billion in 2016 .
u.s. navy destroyer fired on again in international waters off the coast of yemen .
retweeted fox news suspect in berlin christmas market attack came to germany as refugee .
it 's time to end the electoral college .
what do social scientists say about giving gifts ? dont try so hard .
obama says he 'll speak out against trump if he thinks us ideals are at risk .
federal judge extends florida voter registration deadline a federal court has extended florida 's voter .
david duke ' deserves a bullet ' @cnnpolitics .
next us president faces a world of trouble .
a singers journey from solitary confinement to the met opera new york times .
judge extends florida voter registration deadline until october 18 '' property .
snapchat has quietly acquired an israeli startup for a reported $ 30 million to $ [UNK] .
your surgeon is probably a republican , your [UNK] probably a democrat .
case accusing bush officials of 9/11 abuses heads to supreme court .
apple removes new york times apps from its store in china the new york times .
the new york times i hardly expected my letter to donald trump to go viral .
73-year-old rocker mick jagger welcomes his eighth child .
reversing course fracking can contaminate drinking water .
lawmaker 's ' suck it up , buttercup ' bill targets students ' trump hysteria .
trump should target his rage at bigots & amp ; white supremacists cast .
defense secretary ash carter says us , partners need to stay in iraq after isis defeat .
donald trump is picking his cabinet . heres a shortlist . the new york times .
imagine a world without giraffes @cnn .
sinbad never made a genie movie called shazaam , and people [UNK] taking the news well .
making sense of at&t 's bid for time warner .
pat mccrory lost as governor in nc wants to steal the seat back .
retweeted [UNK] [UNK] h.i.v. cases surpass a million in russia , but little is done .
puts clinton 's chance of winning at [UNK] % .
watch this autonomous tesla drive from home to work on its own .
wasnt on ballot , but that was basically the result .
every 7 seconds , a young girl becomes a bride , report says .
heres how the federal government made the maps that crippled black neighborhoods .
chelynn world news dylann roof found guilty of all 33 federal charges he faced after massacre .
obama on 2016 election we have to remember that we 're actually all on one team .
chelynn world news us-backed forces announce bid to seize isis ' capital ' in syria .
employees have ' tremendous problem ' with obamacare via jusswaggtv .
supreme court allows arizona ' ballot collection ' law .
michael moore to gop electors i will pay your fines if you do n't vote for trump .
shelter in place lifted , shelter in place closed , classes cancelled .
and the winner of startup battlefield at disrupt london 2016 is seenit .
fought to preserve alabamas long history of separate and unequal education .
obamas sacred duty [UNK] the wounded at walter [UNK] the new york times .
russia tests anti-satellite weapon #usefulupdates check it out here .
fbi discovered clinton-related emails weeks ago the fbi discovered clinton-related emails weeks ago .
donald trump used legally dubious method to avoid paying taxes .
black friday online sales to hit a record-breaking $ [UNK] , over $ 1 billion from mobile .
trump says his supporters were violent ' during the campaign @cnnpolitics .
we should dump time zones .
sanctuary city mayors press obama to protect illegal immigrants from trump [UNK] .
trump floats an olive branch might keep parts of the health law new york times .
australia says australia will transfer hundreds of refugees to the us .
chelynn world news samsung has permanently halted production and sales of its galaxy note 7 smartphone .
lil jon says donald trump called him ' uncle tom ' on ' celebrity apprentice .
woman thrown in front of subway train is killed , police say new york times .
the internet law -- not godwinsthat explains why 2016 was so terrible .
we are feeling what not having hope feels like via jusswaggtv .
how hip-hop turned on donald trump and settled for hillary clinton in 2016 .
bill clinton bashes trump , blames ' angry white men ' and comey for wife 's loss .
lego boost teaches kids to bring blocks to life with code .
obama ' lied directly and pointedly ' to the nation about hillary 's emails .
attacker opens fire at istanbul nightclub , news agency reports [UNK] .
u.s. seeks death for charleston shooting suspect . victims families prefer mercy .
73-year-old rocker mick jagger welcomes his eighth child .
why its not wrong to wish muslims merry christmas .
defense secretary ash carter says us , partners need to stay in iraq after isis defeat .
countering trump , bipartisan voices strongly affirm findings on russian hacking .
donald trump blasts recount as ' ridiculous ' and ' a scam ' '' property .
retweeted fox news obama , clinton should call for calm ; reid should ' be very careful .
top [UNK] story emails warrant no new action against hillary clinton , f.b.i. .
google says there are now 2 billion active chrome installs .
my mexico city is [UNK] now a writer who knew it as a child .
trump secures victory in electoral college , tops 270 [UNK] [UNK] .
john kelly , retired marine general , is trumps choice to lead homeland security .
trump 's beef with snl is no laughing matter '' by dean [UNK] .
latest news update from luisa florez . chelsea manning tried committing suicide a second time in october .
hillary clinton calls fake news ' an epidemic ' #usefulupdates check it out here .
fake us embassy in ghana shut down after issuing illegally obtained authentic visas for decade state department says .
time spent on social media could be associated with a longer life , study finds .
chelynn world news obama to deliver farewell address in chicago .
first on cnn religious leaders slam clinton campaign over emails .
trump ' has no idea how much he is being manipulated into helping iran and isis .
early voting data suggests clinton lags in north carolina compared to 2012 .
we need to subscribe to our newspapers . thank you , @washingtonpost & amp ; [UNK] .
google 's new photoscan app makes it easy to digitize old prints .
fearing trump , bar association [UNK] report calling him a libel bully .
undocumented man accused of kidnapping , raping 6-year-old girl in texas via the @foxnews android app .
how ' bambi ' got its look from 1,000 - year-old chinese art .
california hires eric holder as legal bulwark against donald trump .
donald trump assails his accusers as liars , and unattractive .
can the '' secret government '' save us from donald trump ?
gay republicans explain why they 're supporting donald trump .
8 dead , 24 others wounded in chicago shootings .
alt [UNK] for hours with twitter bot via the @foxnews android app .
fox news electoral scorecard states tilting toward trump after fbi 's october surprise .
trump mistook a black supporter at his rally for a [UNK] and called him a '' thug .
berlin police says 9 dead and many injured .
amy schumer and seth rogen 's bud light ads axed .
google and facebook ban fake news sites from their advertising networks .
mike pence answers body image question with pivot to terrorism .
bbc news indian actor om puri dies aged 66 .
some big republican donors want rnc to cut ties with donald j .
north carolina gov . pat mccrory concedes race .
failed to kill android , now it is shuttering its services and os as part of a pivot .
top [UNK] story reading fake news , pakistani minister directs nuclear .
the [UNK] people , places and things donald trump has insulted on twitter a complete list .
new fbi files contain allegations of ' quid pro quo ' in clinton 's emails .
paul ryan said he wo n't defend donald trump @cnnpolitics .
obama says us is partnering with private firms to send humans to mars by the 2030s .
white house spokesman trump ' snorted his way through ' debates @cnnpolitics .
google flights will now tell you when fares will increase , help you find cheaper tickets .
ford to scrap mexico plant , invest in michigan due to trump policies .
trump didnt flip working-class whites . the rust belt revolt is myth .
boko haram survivors raped by officials at camps where they sought safety , report says .
russia loses seat on un human rights council by just 2 votes .
charity ca n't replace the safety net . find out why .
david plouffe what i got wrong about the election .
a new chef 's knife from misen promises professional quality for $ 65 .
white [UNK] [UNK] trump 's top cabinet posts @cnnpolitics .
hillary clinton addresses new email inquiry .
trump says the u.s. should expand its nuclear [UNK] the new york times .
word of the year word of the year .
san francisco proposes new plan to clear tents off streets .
how donald trump talks about the rest of america when he & rsquo ; s with his buddies .
macy 's is closing 68 stores , cutting 10,000 jobs .
donald trump ' grabbed me and went for the lips ' , says ninth accuser .
two powerful earthquakes hit italy near site of deadly august quake .
issues where trumps cabinet picks and most americans [UNK] .
joe biden to trump grow up , donald ' [UNK] .
sinbad never made a genie movie called shazaam , and people [UNK] taking the news well .
protecting donald trump costs new york city more than $ 1 million a day .
more americans voted for hillary clinton than any other losing presidential election .
boko haram survivors raped by officials at camps where they sought safety , report says .
youtube stars say they were removed from delta flight for speaking arabic .
trump and 3 of his children [UNK] with the united states .
judge orders trump to the witness chair before inauguration day .
trump is expected to garner 56.9 % of electoral vote .
george michael , pop superstar , has died at 53 new york times .
pat mccrory lost as governor in nc wants to steal the seat back .
what if hamilton actor had said this to vice president-elect pence .
attackers open fire at nightclub in istanbul new york times .
world 's largest marine protected area declared in [UNK] .
new zealand prime minister john key has resigned after 2008 .
north carolina legislature fails to repeal ' bathroom bill .
a new tool can crack a credit card number in six seconds .
dna is not destiny ; when it comes to heart disease .
angela merkel calls for full-face [UNK] ban in germany the new york times .
samsung will ask all global partners to stop sales and exchanges of galaxy note 7 [UNK] further investigation .
lil jon says donald trump called him ' uncle tom ' on ' celebrity apprentice .
clintons did not [UNK] permits to renovate their new house home home .
chelynn world news us-backed forces announce bid to seize isis ' capital ' in syria .
clinton campaign backs call for electors to get trump-russia intel briefing via the @foxnews app .
new poll shows clinton over trump by double-digits @cnnpolitics .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
obama bans drilling in parts of the atlantic and the arctic .
amazon plans to enter southeast asia with singapore launch in q1 2017 .
20 things donald trump said he wanted to get rid of as president .
army blocks drilling of dakota access oil pipeline new york times .
says she never had an abortion but ' i wish i had via [UNK] .
jared fogle 's ex-wife sues subway , alleging it failed to alert authorities he was pedophile .
harvard cancels mens soccer season over lewd ratings of female players new york times .
hyperloop one will build the first hyperloop system to go from dubai to abu dhabi in 12 min .
politically appointed ambassadors to leave posts by inauguration day via the new york times .
fake story about obamas , hillary ensnares sean hannity .
peter thiel donating $ 1.25 million to donald trump 's campaign .
china bans its ivory trade , moving against elephant poaching the new york times .
helping more vote would '' cheapen the work '' of civil rights heroes .
retweeted fox news soldier in army jacket parade , family says .
toronto star compiles list of almost 500 trump lies during the campaign .
all tesla cars built from today have all hardware needed for full self-driving .
arms dealer says obama made him scapegoat on libya operation to ' protect ' clinton .
new [UNK] let soldiers wear hijabs , turbans and religious beards .
[UNK] new 5-pound note is stronger and safer , but isnt [UNK] for [UNK] .
the most-read stories of 2016 the new york times .
fox news poll majority says russian hacking made no difference in 2016 election .
hillary clinton now has over 2 million more votes than donald trump .
dr. henry heimlich , who invented the [UNK] heimlich maneuver , dies at 96 .
with trump in power , fed gets ready for a reckoning .
why bob dylan shouldnt have gotten a nobel [UNK] bob dylan .
hacked emails show donna brazile shared questions for candidate events with clintons campaign .
syrian government announces [UNK] backed by russia and turkey new york times .
primo toys rolls out cubetto , a wooden robot that teaches kids to code .
trump sexual assault allegations the floodgates are open .
pope extends power to forgive abortion '' property .
this is the new macbook pro with the magic toolbar mini [UNK] .
the strain in american-israeli relations is dividing jews in united states .
kentucky football game shooting leaves 2 dead .
killer whale at center of ' blackfish ' dies via jusswaggtv .
trump will soon several tools to begin nullifying the climate agenda .
a gut makeover for the new year .
nominate your choice for hardware of the [UNK] in the 10th annual #crunchies awards .
after blasting clinton , pence in an email battle of his own .
white women sold out the sisterhood and the world by voting for trump .
after brexit , tolerant britons adopted adopted of solidarity . we should , too .
latest news update from luisa florez . chelsea manning tried committing suicide a second time in october .
chicago records 762 homicides in 2016 , up 57 percent from previous year .
malta has become the first european country to criminalize & amp ; [UNK] therapy .
trump will ask congress , not mexico , to pay for border wall .
is donald trump already walking away from campaign promises ?
david plouffe what i got wrong about the election .
evidence suggests vaping is far less dangerous than smoking , a fact that is rarely pointed to public .
cancer patient wins a year of free pizza , gives it to food bank .
israelis called trump to weigh in ahead of un security council vote .
92 % of americans born in [UNK] more than their parents did at same [UNK] .
hackers have gained access to 1.3 million google accounts by infecting android phones through illegitimate apps .
donald trump reacted saturday to the death of fidel castro .
inside a fake news [UNK] factory this is all about income .
trump plans to replace governing with gimmickry . the #carrier jobs are only the start .
13 people killed , 31 injured in california tour bus crash in palm springs .
new cutting-edge $ 4b navy destroyer malfunctions in panama canal @cnnpolitics .
how russia pulled off the biggest election hack in u.s. history .
the [UNK] alt right conspiracy image generator .
self driving cars causing reduction in accidents , will exacerbate organ donation shortages .
vc firm daphni announces its first $ 165 million fund .
insurance policies on slaves new york [UNK] [UNK] past .
lorry kills nine at christmas market - bbc news .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
youtube stars say they were removed from delta flight for speaking arabic .
this security camera was infected by malware 98 seconds after it was plugged in .
chelynn world news dylann roof found guilty of all 33 federal charges he faced after massacre .
life expectancy in the us declined for the first time since 1993 .
donald trumps israel ambassador pick is hazardous to peace the new york times .
52 places to go in 2017 .
fake story about obamas , hillary ensnares sean hannity .
[UNK] new york public library is refilled , book by book in time lapse video .
oliver hart and bengt holmstrom win nobel in economics for work on contracts .
dynamic signal gets $ 25m led by [UNK] to replace the company bulletin board .
multiple dead , ' at least 6 injured in shooting at fort lauderdale airport .
donald trump wins alaska , cbs news projects .
does a moma conservator clean a picasso ? due to her [UNK] .
obama challenges gop to spell out obamacare alternative '' property .
veterans to serve as human shields for dakota pipeline protesters .
self driving cars causing reduction in accidents , will exacerbate organ donation shortages .
zuckerberg 's jarvis home ai is like an alexa that learns your musical tastes .
rodrigo duterte says donald trump endorses his violent antidrug campaign .
bernie sanders where the democrats go from here .
craig sager dies at 65 #usefulupdates check it out here .
20 things donald trump said he wanted to get rid of as president .
retweeted fox news california history teacher placed on leave after comparing trump to hitler .
hillary clinton aide thank you , huma . good job , huma .
house republicans back down on bid to gut ethics office '' property .
november 24 , 2016 at [UNK] pm missing woman found chained ' like a dog .
what we 've learned from the hacked emails of hillary clinton 's campaign @cnnpolitics .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
trump sexual assault allegations the floodgates are open .
enough with the tweets , chinas state media tells trump .
lego boost teaches kids to bring blocks to life with code .
at least one dead after multiple dead , 72 injured in japanese city of utsunomiya .
tears ' and ' fear harry reid is not taking trump 's election well .
73-year-old rocker mick jagger welcomes his eighth child .
kathleen kane , former pennsylvania attorney general , is sentenced to prison new york times .
facebook coo sheryl sandberg on social network and fake news we do n't think it swayed the election .
fbi discovered clinton-related emails weeks ago the fbi discovered clinton-related emails weeks ago , [UNK] .
why women did not unite to vote against fish taco .
democrats are looking for '' someone entirely new for 2020 .
amazon makes good on its promise to delete '' incentivized '' reviews .
twitter debate lead was ' swelled by bots .
record number of journalists jailed in 2016 , press advocacy group says new york times .
donald trump used legally dubious method to avoid paying taxes .
trending techcrunch news @mikeyuhn tesla 's new solar roof tiles .
6 ways trump could win 270 electoral votes .
the electoral college has affirmed donald j . trump as the nations 45th president , pushing him past .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
voters in five states will get to decide whether marijuana should be legal to use .
clandestine somalia campaign is a blueprint for warfare that obama has embraced and will pass to successor .
the nes classic edition and all 30 games on it .
more than 160 republican leaders dont support donald trump . heres when they reached their breaking point .
white women sold out the sisterhood and the world by voting for trump .
princeton calls its men 's swimming and diving team after [UNK] [UNK] .
you crybabies are why trump won ! air force veteran 's message to anti-trump protesters .
joey barton has been charged in the fa after ' placing 1260 bets in the past ten years .
trump [UNK] gross revenue , as opposed to net income after expenses .
@hillaryclinton will help help with his goal of making kids ' '' dreams become a reality [UNK] .
obama on trump tape that 's not right ' @cnnpolitics .
trending techcrunch news @mikeyuhn neurable nets $ 2 million to build [UNK] .
watch kate mckinnons clinton open snl by singing leonard cohens hallelujah .
new features put instagram more directly into competition with twitter and into a heightened rivalry with snapchat .
hillary clinton is narrowing in on donald trump 's lead in texas .
hillary clinton speech online , according to the new york times .
why i will not cast my electoral vote for donald trump .
obama administration ending program once used to track mostly arab and muslim men .
retweeted fox news politics trump 's battle against illegal immigrant sanctuary may end at .
a hot souvenir from cuba for some americans new york times .
trending techcrunch news @mikeyuhn microsoft hits a speech recognition milestone with a [UNK] .
chelynn world news trump to postpone first press conference until january .
top [UNK] story eu and canada sign long-delayed free trade deal .
she took me apart like a toy watch said one lawyer who ran up against hillary .
i just donated pays for a day of calls & amp ; they are swamped right now .
saving coal is one [UNK] j . trump wont be able to keep able to keep .
retweeted fox news pence reportedly taking over transition effort from christie .
retweeted fox news how donald trump avoided paying taxes using other .
a mutation that keeps one woman on the brink of starvation may hold the secret to treating obesity .
voters in five states will get to decide whether marijuana should be legal to use .
former astronaut and us sen. john glenn , 95 , has been hospitalized .
top story de [UNK] mike flynn has pushed fake news at least 16 times since [UNK] .
thousands of men to be [UNK] for gay sex , once a crime in britain .
philippine mayor accused of drug links by duterte is killed by police new york times .
trump 's beef with snl is no laughing matter '' by dean [UNK] .
[UNK] carlson on her fight against sexual harassment .
president franois hollande said he wo n't run for re-election what a complete [UNK] .
south korean parliament votes to [UNK] president park geun-hye .
finland will hand out cash to 2,000 jobless people , free of [UNK] or limits on side earnings .
fbi sends letter to congress saying email review completed , decision not to prosecute clinton stands .
the democrats are screwing up the resistance to trump sessions ' nomination [UNK] [UNK] .
french iot startup confirms 150m series e at a valuation of around 600m .
the democrats are screwing up the resistance to trump sessions ' nomination [UNK] [UNK] .
taibbi on amy goodman arrest for covering dakota pipeline story .
award-winning indian actor om puri dies via cnnbrk cnn retweet .
trump adviser on taiwan call if china does n't like it , screw ' em .
your experience is probably worth a lot less than you think .
trump pledges to unite country on ' thank you ' tour .
how one 19-year-old illinois man is distorting national polling averages .
tennessee fires blaze into third day #usefulupdates check it out here .
chelynn world news many as 50,000 isis fighters killed .
myanmar detains several officers over ' rohingya abuse ' video .
trump says everything is a disaster '' property .
[UNK] agrees strict new licensing deal with islington council to reopen .
i talked to the it guy whose & ldquo ; typo & rdquo ; helped russia [UNK] hack .
twin suicide attacks on busy baghdad street leaves at least 19 .
will ivanka trump be the most powerful first daughter in history .
russian ambassador to turkey is assassinated in ankara the new york times .
[UNK] under the northern lights via jusswaggtv .
trump 's choices of cabinet renew debate to oil drilling via the @foxnews app .
us military veterans will protest [UNK] activists in north dakota against an oil pipeline .
trump praises putin over response to us sanctions , calls him ' very smart .
snapchat has quietly acquired an israeli startup for a reported $ 30 million to $ [UNK] .
sleepless in seattle the price of sleep-deprived workers to the us economy .
stein 's recount turns up more votes than voters in detroit new york times .
many in milwaukee didnt vote and dont regret it .
iceberg the size of delaware to break off from antarctica .
6 books to help understand trumps win .
smoking will be banned in public housing nationwide the new york times .
conway defends trump 's ' hamilton ' twitter scrap why do you care ' '' property .
california professor caught on video calling trump 's election ' terrorism .
donald trump rushed offstage by security guards at a rally in reno .
galaxy note 7 owners told to turn off [UNK] amid 5 catching fire .
retweeted fox news politics trump 's battle against illegal immigrant sanctuary may end at .
oakland fire kills at least 9 people , fire chief says @cnn .
pearl jam , tupac shakur and joan baez will join the rock and roll hall of fame .
join us to talk about the best tech at ces '' by [UNK] author via nyt .
it 's a new tool for flagging fake news & amp ; helping stop its spread .
early voting data suggests clinton lags in north carolina compared to 2012 .
yes , being called racist is just like someone trying to set you on being muslim .
us election 2016 trump challenges clinton to drug test before debate .
electoral college is an [UNK] of white supremacyand the electoral college .
football team ends boycott , will play in bowl game .
fbi warrant in clinton case , revealing extent of classified info on laptop .
en [UNK] noticias u.n. drops wonder woman as an ambassador .
ohio state university muslim attacker killed , 9 hospitalized after campus attack .
us election 2016 trump challenges clinton to drug test before debate .
52 places to go in 2017 .
kentucky football game shooting leaves 2 dead .
the new york timess lawyer responds to donald trump .
john glenn , american hero of the space age , dies at 95 .
trump sexual assault allegations the floodgates are open .
how does the electoral college work and is it fair ?
president franois hollande said he wo n't run for re-election what a complete [UNK] .
when a cigarette appears in a movie , turkish censors either blur it or put a cartoon flower .
the new york times indian point nuclear power plant to close by 2021 .
trump deposition over battle against chef jos andrs #usefulupdates check it out here .
i was n't offended ' by message of ' hamilton ' cast @cnnpolitics nice response from [UNK] .
the pieces of zadie smith .
nypd changes policy , will allow sikh officers to wear turbans .
u.s. officials say putin was personally involved in the us election hack .
trump says ' hamilton ' cast ' [UNK] ' to pence , ' [UNK] ' him , wants apology [UNK]
we should just cancel the election ' and declare me the winner .
donald trump leads hillary clinton in electoral votes [UNK] to [UNK] as of .
clinton campaign backs call for electors to get trump-russia intel briefing via the @foxnews app .
chelynn world news businessman wilbur ross is a leading contender for commerce secretary .
as ratings plummet , n.f.l. considers reducing ads and length of games new york times .
facebook built censorship tool to get into china despite human rights risks .
famed anti-vietnam war activist dies tom hayden , a peace activist whose radical views help .
donald trump claims , with no evidence , that millions of people voted illegally .
trump picks campaign adviser friedman as us ambassador to israel #usefulupdates check it out here .
donald trump ' grabbed me and went for the lips ' , says ninth accuser .
the answer is embedded in the question .
fbi sends letter to congress saying email review completed , decision not to prosecute clinton stands .
we 'll ensure [UNK] really does mean brexit new [UNK] leader 's 1st speech .
the democratic party establishment is finished . what a joke .
trump takes credit for helping to save a ford plant that wasnt closing .
trumps income isnt always what he says it is , records suggest donald trump and his [UNK] .
conway defends trump 's ' hamilton ' twitter scrap why do you care ' '' property .
janet reno , first female us attorney general , dies .
why light bulbs may be the next hacker target .
how did walmart get cleaner stores and higher sales ? it paid its people more .
paul beatty , the first american author to win the man booker prize with the sellout .
@asranomani is an immigrant , a muslim and a life-long liberal . by [UNK] [UNK] trump .
jon voight defends trump remarks , blasts robert de niro for ' ugly rant .
retweeted bruce hudson stop pretending theres a difference between '' online '' and '' real .
twitter has the right to suspend donald trump . but it shouldnt .
chelynn world news malta official libyan plane possibly [UNK] .
hackers used new weapons to disrupt major websites across u.s. the new york times .
36 hours in toronto the new york times .
attorney general jeff sessions would [UNK] civil rights law .
red wine hot chocolate is a thing , and its [UNK] .
christie vetoes bill banning solitary confinement for children , pregnant women , and people with mental [UNK] .
boss tells pro-trump employees to resign if you voted for donald trump .
google pixel review assessing the new smartphone new york times .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
trump takes credit for sprint plan to add 5,000 jobs in u.s.
sheriff joe arpaio loses bid for 7th [UNK] in arizona the new york times .
porn accidentally airs instead of cnn in boston for 30 minutes .
rarely live stream , but 1m people '' live chill '' onhouseparty .
trump calls for drug test ahead of next debate @cnnpolitics .
you 're fascinated with sex and you do n't care about public policy .
donald trump on accuser take a look at her . i do n't think so .
trump is angry at nbc news for using this photo of him , so please do n't use this enhanced
trump a ' selfish little sleaze ball ' '' property .
a list of statements by donald trump that are at odds with the united states constitution .
is kim jong un the world 's most dangerous man via jusswaggtv .
luke skywalker ' says trump 's cabinet full of ' really despicable people .
rick perry , as energy secretary , may be pressed to resume nuclear tests .
public barred from viewing [UNK] legislative coup ; reporter arrested .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
fake news [UNK] facebook ? in facebook ? foreign elections , thats not new .
want to change your vote ? some states say no problem .
trump wants james mattis for secretary of defense @cnnpolitics .
what it takes for alec baldwin to warily humanize a man he reviles on .
chelynn world news trump files nevada voting lawsuit .
after a trip back in time , michael stipe is ready to return to music .
latest news update from luisa florez . chelsea manning tried committing suicide a second time in october .
justice department to north carolina stop illegally purging black voters from the rolls .
north korea will test intercontinental ballistic missile , kim says new york times .
trump 's beef with snl is no laughing matter '' by dean [UNK] .
self driving cars causing reduction in accidents , will exacerbate organ donation shortages .
trumps health secretary pick , tom price , endangers women .
jon voight defends trump remarks , blasts robert de niro for ' ugly rant .
peter thiel donating $ 1.25 million to donald trump 's campaign .
inside the room with president-elect donald trump the new york times .
exxon c.e.o. said to be top contender for secretary of state ; giuliani is out of the race .
trump takes credit for helping to save a ford plant that wasnt closing .
donald trump is picking his cabinet . heres a shortlist . the new york times .
repo man pays off elderly couple 's car , gives it back .
jeff sessions as attorney general the new york times .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
retweeted cnn breaking news new spider species discovered by indian scientists named after harry .
how pearl harbor shaped the modern world new york times .
merriam-webster declares ' surreal ' as 2016 word of the year .
va dental patients possibly exposed to hiv , hepatitis @cnn .
attorney general jeff sessions would [UNK] civil rights law .
philip [UNK] personal library to be housed in a special room at the newark public library .
after stock indexes plunged , wall street rise calmly as markets absorbed trump 's presidential victory .
fbi releases documents on bill clinton 's [UNK] pardon of financier rich .
twin suicide attacks on busy baghdad street leaves at least 19 .
rodrigo duterte of philippines calls u.n. human rights chief an idiot the new york times .
mccain calls hearing on cyber threats @cnnpolitics .
russia tests anti-satellite weapon #usefulupdates check it out here .
yemen sees u.s. strikes as evidence of hidden hand behind saudi air war via the @foxnews app .
mark zuckerberg and facebook must defend the truth the new york times .
flutterwave aims to unify africa 's fragmented payment systems and empower small businesses .
what 's awaiting the next u.s. president ? a splintered middle east in free fall .
7.3 - magnitude earthquake strikes off japan , tsunami warning on @cnn .
army corps orders protesters to leave campsite or face arrest .
a map of airport [UNK] passwords [UNK] in the world .
being american in the trump years new york times .
louisville 's lamar jackson wins heisman trophy [UNK] .
donald trump is picking his cabinet . heres a shortlist . the new york times .
professor with remarkable track record predicts a trump election win .
andy murray becomes world number one after raonic withdraws from paris masters .
top [UNK] story bob dylan wins nobel literature prize .
trump 's ethical standards wo n't matter until they become gop 's problem @slate .
retweeted fox news politics trump team says ' move on , ' after #obama calls for .
james bond of philanthropy gives away the last of his [UNK] .
donald trump threatens legal action against nbc over ' access hollywood ' tape .
world 's largest marine protected area declared in [UNK] .
british government backs plan for 3rd runway at heathrow .
cuomo proposes free tuition at new york state colleges for [UNK] students .
enough with the tweets , chinas state media tells trump .
fish taco loves new york . but it doesnt love him back .
china flies nuclear-capable bomber in south china sea after trump taiwan call , us officials .
donald trump settles trump university lawsuits .
espn pays top dollar for football , but audience isnt buying .
[UNK] 's top story a look at 2 years worth twitter .
retweeted cnn breaking news these canadians ran a coffee and helped orphans .
chelynn world news 83 people arrested at dakota access pipeline protest .
angela merkel calls for ban on full-face veils in germany .
new cutting-edge $ 4b navy destroyer malfunctions in panama canal @cnnpolitics .
china bans its ivory trade , moving against elephant poaching the new york times .
a pregnant restaurant server gets a $ 900 tip via jusswaggtv .
2 clemson to meet no . 1 alabama in college football 's championship game after wins .
ny subway riders stand by and watch as three men verbally assault muslim get a [UNK] !
donald trump says it was a '' great honour '' being with president barack obama .
oregon standoff all defendants found not guilty .
watch our new series bitcoin and the blockchain .
less defiant trump at new york times i hope we can all get along .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
m&m 's is embracing a caramel filling for the first time in its 75-year history .
sorry , north carolina , but you do n't really count as a democracy anymore .
at least 10 electors demand intelligence briefing before electoral college vote .
vatican issues new guidelines on cremation , says no to scattering ashes .
trump star on hollywood walk of fame is smashed the new york times .
afghanistan 's vice president is accused of assaulting rival and taking him hostage .
this is the surface studio , microsoft 's new [UNK] pc .
donald trump jr. ' s joke about aurora theater shooting sparks anger in colorado .
yahoo makes it difficult to leave by disabling automatic email forwarding .
how russia pulled off the biggest election hack in u.s. history .
will enough electors go rogue to stop donald trump ? the effort alone gives you a little hope .
12 dead in school bus crash in tennessee @cnn .
trump 's transition team appointments indicate to dismantle net neutrality .
donald trump is a racist . heres why many americans dont see him that way .
samsung tells users turn off your galaxy note 7 now .
florida parents plan to arm themselves while going trick-or-treating over clown concerns .
voters in five states will get to decide whether marijuana should be legal to use .
justice department obtains warrant to search abedin emails via jusswaggtv .
senate republicans take the first step to repeal obamacare .
four more charged in flint water crisis #usefulupdates check it out here .
rockettes not required to dance at trump inauguration , company says .
carrier to ultimately cut some of jobs trump saved .
china bans its ivory trade , moving against elephant poaching the new york times .
hillary clinton 's wall street speeches just leaked . they do n't look good .
donald trump 's strategy to cut property taxes donald trump 's [UNK] property .
berlin police says 9 dead and many injured .
thank you , donald trump the new york times .
retweeted cnn breaking news one person was shot tuesday at the will rogers world airport in .
estimates a $ 2.3 billion billion loss over its galaxy note 7 troubles .
u.s. officials say putin was personally involved in the us election hack .
the lives they lived remembering the notable people we lost in 2016 .
trump leads clinton in new florida poll donald trump has a 2 [UNK] point in congress .
12 books to read in your 20s .
trumps health secretary pick , tom price , endangers women .
obama [UNK] two new national monuments , protecting 1.35 million acres .
[UNK] 3 decades of global water change how water has changed across earth .
trump 's repeated lashing out at anyone who dares criticize him should worry every us citizen .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
perry said to be trumps top candidate for energy secretary .
pundit compares ben carson to wu-tang clan 's famed singer ghostface .
i am a gay jew in trumps america . and i am afraid for my life .
we have an evidence-based method for treating opioid addiction . we dont use it .
donald trump booed at annual alfred e . smith dinner .
i was n't offended ' by message of ' hamilton ' cast @cnnpolitics nice response from [UNK] .
chicago records 762 homicides in 2016 , up 57 percent from previous year .
trump ally asked to resign from school board over racist [UNK] .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
the new 64-bit orange pi is a quad-core computer for $ 20 .
shares soar as video service posts jump in subscribers .
hillary clinton likely received more votes than any presidential candidate [UNK] obama .
the seven main reasons democrats shouldnt donate to steins recount fund .
the [UNK] strikes back we thought women would break new ground in 2016 .
bloody xmas weekend more than 40 shot , 11 killed in chicago .
campaign says clinton still has n't talked to abedin about new emails .
senate votes to extend sanctions iran for a decade .
increasingly paranoid isis leader reportedly refuses to sleep without suicide vest .
man gets $ 75 after being wrongly imprisoned for 31 years .
wi-fi passwords from airports around the world in one map .
trump calls for revoking flag burners citizenship . court rulings forbid it . thank you @realdonaldtrump .
crowds cheer castro 's death in little havana '' property .
trump named time person of the year the man of the year .
if hillary clinton groped men .
donald trump says any potential conflicts of interest were priced into your vote .
trump is set to undermine the things you take for granted in government .
conway deflects on trump camp 's claims of assassination attempt '' property .
afghan security forces have suffered more than 4,500 deaths in the last 6 month .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
google 's new photoscan app makes it easy to digitize old prints .
florence henderson , upbeat mom of the brady bunch , dies at 82 .
the trump tape does n't matter @cnn .
justice department to north carolina stop illegally purging black voters from the rolls .
workers at chicago international airport announced they will go on [UNK] strike .
a whale has taken up residence in the hudson river .
trump appears with clinton accusers before tonight [UNK] before tonight 's .
donald trump is an emotional weakling . here & rsquo ; s how to manipulate him .
kentucky football game shooting leaves 2 dead .
nominate your choice for hardware of the year in the 10th annual #crunchies awards .
move over , #mannequinchallenge . the #trumpscomingchallenge is sending students fleeing .
trump 's extremist supporters feel like winners either way shown [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] .
retweeted cnn breaking news widespread flooding expected for several days in north carolina .
the winner of the second presidential debate .
syrian rebels brace for a trump cutoff , and look for a silver lining .
saudi arabia , where even milk depends on oil , [UNK] to [UNK] its economy .
[UNK] far right signs a cooperation pact with [UNK] party , meets with trump 's national security adviser .
new ebola vaccine gives 100 percent protection new york times .
she took me apart like a toy watch said one lawyer who ran up against hillary .
trump speaks with taiwan 's president , breaking with decades of delicate u.s. policy on china .
obama to confront trump triumph at news conference @cnnpolitics .
dylann roof killed 9 in mental carolina .
on friday [UNK] , facebook started telling users that their pages had been memorialized . then things got .
the 5 easiest & amp ; 5 most difficult promises for @realdonaldtrump to keep .
china bans its ivory trade , moving against elephant poaching the new york times .
mexico city holds first day of the dead parade .
trump picks rex tillerson , exxon c.e.o. , as secretary of state .
voting early , and in droves nearly 22 million ballots are already in .
giuliani says he never saw hillary @ ground zero . here are photos of [UNK] [UNK] .
donald trump settles trump university lawsuits .
trump hits clinton over jay z 's [UNK] at concert .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
5 things to think about before buying your child a cell phone for christmas .
trump 's muslim ban got far less attention than clintons emails .
donald trump blasts recount as ' ridiculous ' and ' a scam ' '' property .
trump is considering ' special session ' to repeal obamacare on inauguration day .
judge extends florida voter registration deadline until october 18 '' property .
the 700 million women married in childhood could grow to around 950 million by 2030 .
2 blasts in central baghdad baghdad central baghdad via cnnbrk cnn retweet .
donald trump built a wall in scotland , then sent residents the bill .
new fbi files contain allegations of ' quid pro quo ' in clinton 's emails .
trump says the u.s. should expand its nuclear [UNK] the new york times .
reversing course fracking can contaminate drinking water .
kellyanne conway 's husband on short list for top us lawyer job @cnnpolitics .
unemployment drops to 4.6 % , lowest since 2007 thank you president obama .
nigel farage , donald trump hold meeting '' property .
some americans are cutting up trump ties and no longer drinking trump wines .
elena ferrante wants privacy . her new book implies otherwise .
im a doctor . if i drop food on the [UNK] floor , i still eat it .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
obama challenges gop to spell out obamacare alternative '' property .
exxon [UNK] chief rises as trumps choice for secretary of state new york times .
two-time wimbledon champion petra kvitova has been injured in a knife attack at her home .
david duke ' deserves a bullet ' @cnnpolitics .
former nfl player joe mcknight shot , killed in terrytown shooting .
eu ' should prepare for returning jihadists .
carrier to ultimately cut some of jobs trump saved .
house is expected to vote today on a surprise [UNK] by [UNK] .
a guide to the most important quotes from nyts interview with donald trump .
a historic number of electors defected , and most were supposed to vote for clinton .
why not smart guns in this high-tech era ? the new york times .
secretary of state giuliani ? hes the leading choice , trump aides say .
[UNK] newtop story charged a fee for getting arrested , whether [UNK] .
social media did a better job at predicting trump 's win than the polls .
gop who deserted donald trump over lewd video are returning .
hillary clinton 's lead in popular vote nears 2 million @cnnpolitics .
please read this . it is essential to an understanding of where we are now .
for obama and netanyahu , a final clash after years of conflict new york times .
berlin market attack suspect anis amri shot dead by police in [UNK] .
clinton tells fundraisers fbi comey letter sank presidential bid via the @foxnews android app .
watch donald trump call paula jones '' a loser '' in 1998 .
nobel prize has stopped knock , knock , knocking on bob dylan 's door .
mexico doesnt have to appease trump . it can fight back .
trump tower is 68 floors tall , says he exaggerated the size of many of many issues .
we are feeling what not having hope feels like via jusswaggtv .
leonard cohen dead at 82 via [UNK] [UNK] .
civil rights pioneer viola desmond will be on the canadian $ 10 bill .
attackers open fire at nightclub in istanbul new york times .
facebook , microsoft , twitter and youtube collaborate to remove terrorist content .
1,000 clinton-petraeus emails missing from records sent to state , fbi files show .
facebook launches augmented reality selfie '' masks '' for live video .
where does you vote ? what happens when you should know on election day .
lawyer accuses justice thomas of groping her at party in 1999 .
made '' identity '' its word of the year .
the brilliance of a stradivari violin might rest within its wood .
trump is angry at nbc news for using this photo of him , so please do n't use this enhanced
david duke ' deserves a bullet ' @cnnpolitics .
chicago records 762 homicides in 2016 , up 57 percent from previous year .
when mike tyson was convicted of rape , donald trump came to his defense the new york times .
retweeted bbc breaking news new zealand prime minister john key says two people killed in earthquake .
clinton ally helped fund campaign of fbi official 's wife .
agony of earth 's hottest year i miss that cold-cold weather .
george soros pledges $ 10 million to fight hate crimes new york times .
20 things donald trump said he wanted to get rid of as president .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
us says new jersey town that denied mosque discriminated against muslims .
twin suicide attacks on busy baghdad street leaves at least 19 .
trump speaks with taiwans leader , an affront to china the new york times .
chipotle fired him for refusing to participate in its & amp ; shady practices .
here 's a list of celebrities who vow to leave the us if donald trump wins .
plane carrying brazilian soccer team crashes in colombia , killing 75 .
no , you ca n't vote by text message @cnnpolitics .
apple removes new york times apps from its store in china the new york times .
bob dylan wins nobel prize for literature @cnn .
donald trump , in louisiana , says he will end energy regulations .
every company is a technology company , but most dont behave like one .
fox news electoral scorecard states tilting toward trump after fbi 's october surprise .
trumps promises will be hard to keep , but coal country has faith new york times .
we are orphans here [UNK] and death in east jerusalems palestinian refugee camp .
pat mccrory lost as governor in nc wants to steal the seat back .
twitter still might save vine by selling it .
china agrees to return seized drone , pentagon says new york times .
wi-fi passwords from airports around the world in one map .
mar-a-lago , the future winter white house & amp ; home of the calmer trump .
trump 's wild misrepresentation of obama 's response to a protester @cnnpolitics .
pentagon demands china return us underwater drone @cnnpolitics .
four arrested after facebook live video shows man being tied up , beaten via the @foxnews android app .
medical and health news that stuck with us in 2016 .
rodrigo duterte says donald trump endorses his violent antidrug campaign .
mary jo white to step down as sec chief new york times .
biden was interrupted during trump 's electoral vote certification @cnnpolitics .
paul beatty , the first american author to win the man booker prize with the sellout .
a new chef 's knife from misen promises professional quality for $ 65 .
cnn top stories new doping tests [UNK] [UNK] .
hate crime charges filed in chicago beating streamed on facebook live via the @foxnews app .
man gets $ 75 after being wrongly imprisoned for 31 years .
bmw signs on to develop in-car ai and iot services with ibm 's watson .
life expectancy in the us declined for the first time since 1993 .
a time for refusal . it 's a time for refusal .
elaine chao is said to be trumps pick for transportation secretary .
[UNK] de [UNK] how the brown rat conquered new york city .
ivanka trump meeting with al gore on climate change @cnnpolitics .
hillary clinton likely received more votes than any presidential candidate [UNK] obama .
jill stein drops pennsylvania recount effort , ending unlikely push against new york times .
pope francis compares media 's focus on scandal to feces [UNK] .
[UNK] far right signs a cooperation pact with [UNK] party , meets with trump 's national security adviser .
florida parents plan to arm themselves while going trick-or-treating over clown concerns .
top [UNK] story how a putin fan overseas pushed pro-trump propaganda .
fbi agents knew of clinton-related emails weeks before director was briefed '' property .
i made hillary clinton president . play the bbc 's predict the president game .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
trump names carl icahn as adviser on [UNK] [UNK] wall street [UNK] .
new to instagram stories boomerang , mentions and links .
american express will give new 20 weeks of full pay at full pay .
how one 19-year-old illinois man is distorting national polling averages .
bob dylan will not attend nobel ceremony .
media remain hostile to donald trump even as some pundits admit they blew it .
top [UNK] story bob dylan wins nobel literature prize .
hillary has a power that no one can take away . not even trump .
retweeted fox news awake in a nightmare murdered california officers identified as new mom , 35-year .
bob dylan wins nobel prize for literature .
boom 's supersonic jets will pick up where the concorde left off .
retweeted cnn breaking news china 's foreign minister calls trump-tsai phone call '' a .
the man who invented the big mac , michael delligatti , has died at 98 .
lorry kills nine at christmas market - bbc news .
it was a year to be confounded , shocked , humbled . the year in pictures 2016 .
donald trump is picking his cabinet . heres a shortlist . the new york times .
300 million children breathe highly toxic air , [UNK] reports .
are there really hidden trump voters ?
peter thiel donating $ 1.25 million to donald trump 's campaign .
why i will not cast my electoral vote for donald trump .
paul ryan and [UNK] mcconnell reject trumps words , over and over , but not his [UNK] .
think your retirement plan is bad ? talk to a teacher new york times .
cholera [UNK] haitis [UNK] after haitis matthew .
top [UNK] story emails warrant no new action against hillary clinton , f.b.i. .
off-duty new york corrections officer shot and killed while sitting in car .
fbi backs cia view that russia intervened to help trump win election .
levels mark ' new era ' in the world 's changing climate .
trump calls cost of f-35 fighter jet out of control the new york times .
should medicare allow outpatient knee replacement ? doctors are deeply split .
the sting of defeat still fresh , democrats are trying to figure out how it all fell apart .
mika brzezinski says clinton campaign wanted her ' pulled off the air .
trump 's path to white house lined with false , misleading statements .
pentagon confronts a new threat from [UNK] .
bodies pile up at intersection of depression and rage .
ex-nfl star darren sharper sentenced to 20 years in prison as rape victims in l.a. speak out .
how trump 's calls to world leaders are upsetting decades of diplomacy .
73-year-old rocker mick jagger welcomes his eighth child .
73-year-old rocker mick jagger welcomes his eighth child .
killer whale at center of ' blackfish ' dies via jusswaggtv .
trump picks elaine chao for transportation secretary draining the swamp .
trump says he 'll sue sexual misconduct accusers @cnnpolitics .
salma hayek says trump planted national enquirer story about her after she turned down date offer .
musk on tesla network its not tesla vs . uber , its the people vs .
iraqi general votes to ban sale , import & amp ; production of alcohol .
the group currently has more than 20 active lawsuits involving hillary clinton .
join us for a chat at 2:30 [UNK] on [UNK] racism against asian-americans .
fbi reopens clinton probe after new emails found in anthony weiner case .
the epa has concluded that fracking has contaminated drinking water in some circumstances .
musk on tesla network its not tesla vs . uber , its the people vs .
mitt romney confirms he 's not president-elect donald trump 's pick for secretary of state .
at & t formally announces it will acquire time warner [UNK] for $ 107.50 per share .
donald trump outlines policy plan for first 100 days #usefulupdates check it out here .
clinton tells fundraisers fbi comey letter sank presidential bid via the @foxnews android app .
arrests end naacp sit-in at jeff sessions ' office '' property .
vladimir putin wont expel u.s. diplomats as #russia foreign minister urged .
top [UNK] story reading fake news , pakistani minister directs nuclear .
hollywood is living in a bubble ' and stars should n't talk politics .
a full repeal of obamacare would cost $ [UNK] over the next decade .
oh great , ransomware is infecting smart tvs now .
macy 's is closing 68 stores , cutting 10,000 jobs .
warren buffett on president-elect trump he deserves everybody 's respect .
trump transition team requested security clearance for flynn jr. new york times .
world 's largest marine protected area declared in [UNK] .
racist objects are not a thing of the past , and they are not [UNK] to [UNK] .
obama [UNK] two new national monuments , protecting 1.35 million acres .
video uncovered of trump socializing with mob figure he & rsquo ; s denied knowing .
samsung halts galaxy note 7 production as battery problems linger .
meet the baby who was born twice '' property .
china flies nuclear-capable bomber in south china sea after trump taiwan call , us officials .
billy bush suspended from ' today ' show billy bush suspended from ' today ' show .
obama on trump tape that 's not right ' @cnnpolitics .
eu ' should prepare for returning jihadists .
chelynn world news i could see myself ' meeting with putin before i 'm president .
donald trump settles trump university lawsuits .
6 children killed in school school bus crash .
lenovo 's new vr headset is coming , it 'll cost less than $ 400 .
how great is america really ? check it out .
trump awkwardly behind clinton at the debate '' property .
iraqi troops inside isis-held mosul iraqi forces have entered isis-held mosul for the .
maybe the country needs trump to show ' authoritarian power .
istanbul [UNK] attacker in istanbul nightclub attack .
historical marker honoring emmett till [UNK] with bullet [UNK] .
lock her up ? maybe not so much , giuliani and christie say @cnnpolitics .
4 dead in fernwood attack , 15 others wounded in chicago shootings .
donald trump , in louisiana , says he will end energy regulations .
what 's next for chris christie ? check it out here .
loretta lynchs speech against hate crimes brilliant & amp ; stinging rebuke to trumpism .
sorry for criticizing kaepernick anthem protest via the @foxnews android app .
chelynn world news not all the standing rock sioux are protesting the pipeline .
why i donated to @eff i want to protect online rights .
internet-destroying outages were caused by '' amateurish '' iot malware / boing boing .
microsoft ventures launches new fund for ai startups and backs element ai incubator .
while we werent looking , snapchat revolutionized social networks .
the only enemies donald trump can see are his fellow americans @kellyannepolls .
industrial robots will replace manufacturing jobs & amp ; that 's a good thing .
trump says he 'll sue sexual misconduct accusers @cnnpolitics .
top [UNK] story how a putin fan overseas pushed pro-trump propaganda .
peter thiel donating $ 1.25 million to donald trump 's campaign .
bbc news indian actor om puri dies aged 66 .
child refugees in turkey making clothes for uk [UNK] @bbcworld .
the [UNK] people , places and things donald trump has insulted on twitter a complete list .
volkswagen parts ways with historian who chronicled its nazi past .
difference between cardiac arrest and heart attack . is their a [UNK] [UNK] ?
man in florida sentenced to 20 years in prison for a 2015 road zimmerman .
dakota access pipeline ceo has a cherokee music festival and a problem .
child refugees in turkey making clothes for uk [UNK] .
attacker opens fire at istanbul nightclub , news agency reports [UNK] .
the executive editor dean at the most powerful investigations of the year .
abby wambach , retired u.s. soccer star , reflects on her addiction .
the new york timess lawyer responds to donald trump .
hillary clinton selfies a salve and a weapon and a weapon . by [UNK] [UNK] .
fbi agents knew of clinton-related emails weeks before director was briefed '' property .
nordstrom 's $ 85 leather-wrapped rock has sold out .
trump star on hollywood walk of fame is smashed the new york times .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
donald trump claims , with no evidence , that millions of people voted illegally .
obama on russian hacking we need to take action . and we will .
trump is angry at nbc news for using this photo of him , so please do n't use this enhanced
a mom says her son was left in tears after being [UNK] by a santa in their town .
former us ambassador , cotton back trump on taiwan call , after immediate backlash , criticism .
australia to [UNK] refugees in us under ' one-off ' deal .
jake gyllenhaal [UNK] in a [UNK] sunday in the park with george .
bristol palin blasts artists for refusing to perform at trump inauguration .
donald trump talks at debate , but many women hear only a 2005 tape .
new fbi docs show ' bribe offer ' to agents in hillary email probe .
john mccain accidentally reveals how the gop 's supreme court strategy is backfiring .
trump summons tv figures for private meeting , and lets them have it '' property .
warren buffett to trump i have paid federal income tax every year since 1944 .
donald trump settles trump university lawsuits .
the french instagram profile is not what you think it is .
trump 's sons involved in interviewing , vetting cabinet candidates @cnnpolitics .
retweeted fox news israel summons us ambassador , as netanyahu criticizes obama administration over settlements .
charity ca n't replace the safety net . find out why .
[UNK] rejects donald trumps call for nigel farage to be made ambassador .
crossing the line how donald trump behaved with women in private .
retweeted fox news israel summons us ambassador , as netanyahu criticizes obama administration over settlements .
on twitter , a battle among political bots .
the new york times living in chinas expanding deserts .
officials to close standing rock protest [UNK] new york times .
parrot fossil unearthed in siberia .
teslas new solar roof tiles and home battery are such a big deal .
email headache returns new clinton messages show passwords , schedules flowed freely .
north carolina is using insane as jim crow-style voter suppression .
u.s. pushed ecuador to act against julian assange , nbc reports .
top [UNK] story how a putin fan overseas pushed pro-trump propaganda .
bipartisan group of senators calls for probe of russian role in 2016 us elections @cnnpolitics .
