review : ryan gosling and emma stone aswirl in tra la la land .
founder @nolanbushnell launches a new #virtualreality company called @modalvr .
mayor accused of drug links by #duterte killed by police god told him to do it .
standing rock is n't over . it 's the fight between corporate interests and human lives . and that never really ends .
10 x deported man accused of child rape on us on i-70 in kansas .
the new york times trump calls for revoking flag burners citizenship . court rulings forbid it .
gunmen in aleppo are firing at ambulances , stalling the latest evacuation efforts .
i went undercover with a militia usa mexico border here what i saw .
i 'm still struck by all that red across our country & gt ; how trump reshaped the election map .
trumps new york times interview be casual and deny the evidence , hopefully no one 's paying attention .
judge refuses to declare mistrial after jurors deadlocked in ray tensing trial ; deliberations to continue .
are you registered to vote ? it 's not too late . 12 states have deadlines tuesday .
video shows north carolina school officer slamming girl , 15 , to floor @cnn cnn going after cops agin @realdonaldtrump .
gaea logan the stars astronomers unveil incredibly detailed milky way map .
donald trumps locker room this is how he talks about the rest of america when hes with his buddies .
every 7 seconds , a young girl becomes a bride , report says @cnn .
this is the darkest , most devastating short pixar animators have ever made .
1st day in us #retail history over 1 bln $ from mobile sales ?
sanders , bernie '' where the democrats go from here '' nyt , 11 nov 2016 .
teaching wisconsin 7th graders in a total mess of an election season .
thousands take to streets major cities to protest #trumppresident election he won fairly & amp ; did n't cheat like .
princeton is latest ivy league school to suspend team over vulgar materials .
police use facial recognition tools with little oversight , study says .
junko tabei , 1st woman to conquer everest , dies at 77 a fond memory is meeting her & amp ; sir .
opposing trump is ' moral ' choice , even if clinton elected .
terrified by trump activist groups stoke fears , raise funds on incoming administration .
the fake embassy operated illegally for a decade issuing visas at a cost of $ 6,000 each .
in cancer trials , a lopsided shot at hope for minorities .
clinton-trump polls show tight race hillary clinton holds a slim lead over donald trump , a new national poll shows .
a very cool look at us presidential elections through the front pages of the @nytimes .
trump twitter army boycot grubhub ! ceo matt maloney tells employees to resign if they voted for trump !
two nypd cops shot gunman killed after shoot out with officers in bronx .
eric trump may have broken law with ballot tweet . should have emailed it huh ?
fox in the henhouse - is n't #draintheswamp #resistance jay clayton , wall street lawyer , is trump pick to lead sec .
obama says no foreign terror org has attacked us in 8 years fox news insider .
according to the @nytimes , i 've only read 2 of the 12 books i was supposed to in my 20s .
rockettes wo n't be forced to play trump inauguration , company says .
oak ridge national lab researchers accidentally turn co2 into ethanol e.g. basic research .
michelle obama excoriates @realdonaldtrump trump over intolerable comments on women .
chibok girls some are free students reunite with families in nigeria .
very sad to hear this . nice job douchebags . killer whale at center of ' blackfish ' dies @cnn .
trump derides intel briefing on ' so-called ' russian hacking its an obama hillary bs story !
the agony of earth 's hottest year i miss that cold-cold weather .
flight attendant who survived 1972 jat airlines jetliner blast , dies at 66 .
celebrate #hamiltonday , a better mathematical holiday .
my heart is broken . hit maker and musicians musician , dies at 74 .
will cnn come clean on its investigation of brazile ?
i scored 487 on the slate friday news quiz !
newspaper endorsed clinton . it hasnt been forgiven . nice to know people of #enid are so closedminded .
president-elect vows to ' remove ' himself from his businesses .
colin powell to vote for clinton .
fomaworld amazon makes good on its promise to delete '' incentivized '' r .
alaska , reliant on air transit , faces pilot shortage . are drones an answer ? via nytimestravel .
mi @changarrin #rt twitters sales team is taking a hit in big upc .
donald trump agrees to pay $ 25 million to settle trump university lawsuits .
trump is interviewing exxon ceo rex tillerson for secretary of state .
ouch & gt ; 3 mobile 6 million customers ' private information at risk after employee login used to access database .
trump-inspired madness comes to my hood d.c. police detain suspect with assault rifle at comet ping pong pizza .
turkey , russia and an assassination : the swirling crises , explained .
pointless recounts barely making dent in elect results ; trump gains in wi .
dems target 8 trump picks in bid for more info from nominees via the @foxnews app .
interesting reasons from @joshconstine why @twitter wo n't let anyone save @vine @techcrunch .
#mars has some new visitors , at least in orbit .
steps up and slams #colinkaepernick for castro praise , says choose between football , revolution .
maine just went to ranked voting , aka #irv . it would have won clinton the presidency and is a better system .
k-indemand news putin syria ceasefire deal reached russian president vladimir putin has announced a ceasefir .
genetic #heartdisease risk may be eased by healthy habits .
nigel #farage and president-elect donald #trump have a '' very productive '' meeting at trump tower .
why does donald trump lie about voter fraud ? because he 's a liar . he lies all the time .
1 organism , 7 pathological states and 100 billion shapes equal1 striking recovery .
andy murray becomes world number . andy murray british again .
clinton tells fundraisers fbi comey letter sank presidential bid yes hillary , blame comey not the server itself .
reuters finds lead levels higher than flints in thousands of locales by @specialreports on @reuters .
senate votes 99-0 to extend sanctions against iran the new york times .
beatty is first us author to win booker .
obama takes action to indefinitely ban offshore #oil drilling in parts of the arctic & amp ; atlantic .
what if your own immune system could kill cancer ?
carrie fisher on harrison ford affair according to carrie fisher there was a reason she .
here 's the times 's early story about the two police officers in iowa who were shot sitting in their patrol cars .
judge rebukes florida 's top election official in ballot case .
france urges uk to take more children . why not take the whole of syria ?
yet , obama vows action against russia for hacks @cnnpolitics .
va hospital left deceased veteran in shower room for 9 hours tell me again @lawrence @maddow how great va is .
inspired #filmtourism activity as mexico city stages day of the dead parade .
and 40 years of corruption . clinton tells fundraisers fbi comey letter sank presidential bid .
instagram announced it is adding links , tagging and boomerang to its stories feature .
cnn top stories should you buy your kid a phone for xmas ?
pennsylvania news kathleen kane , former pennsylvania attorney general , is sentenced to prison . latest pa news .
tried to fire @nancyodell married journalist who rejected his advances .
william christopher who played father mulcahy in m.a.s.h. has died .
we 're all fucked std rates reach record high in united states @cnn .
it is unacceptable that obviously corrupt trump got away with not releasing his tax returns .
nolan is one of the most creative entrepreneurs rt the creator of atari has launched new vr company called modal vr .
harry 's a mensch prince harry denounces media coverage of his girlfriend , meghan markle .
unicef has issued a report on the effects of world air pollution , saying it leads to the deaths of more children yearly than malaria and hiv/aids combined . '' property .
too early to assume ? multiple people dead in airport shooting , sheriff says .
us abstains in key israel vote , clearing way for condemnation ; where are the pro-israel evangelical voices re obama ?
fourth trump pick who has been accused of sexually assaulting women . this is not normal . this is not acceptable .
yeah , actually that $ 16m investment trump extracted will be to automate the rest of those jobs away .
alan thicke , reassuring father of ' growing pains , ' dies at 69 .
donald trump and the art of the scam .
someone should investigate the intelligence leak coming out of donald trump 's head .
us , turkey agree to develop plan for raqqa @cnn .
uh , @linseydavis @nozekas ever hear of journalism ethics ? abc news staged crime-scene shot , photo shows '' @cnnmoney .
i bet the man he murdered did not have a painless death ! man coughed and heaved for 13 minutes during execution .
over 160 republican leaders dont support donald drumpf . heres when they reached their breaking point .
starbucks ceo howard schultz to step down great .
1,000 clinton-petraeus benghazi emails missing from records sent to state , fbi files show .
is trump walking away from campaign promises ? president-elect donald trump signaled friday he was open to kee .
starburst ventures closes $ 200 million debut fund to back aerospace techstartups .
the aclu is receiving an outpouring of support . heres what we plan to do with it .
donald trump is picking his cabinet heres a short list hud does n't make the cut !
new york times worries over kings health shake thailand the countrys prime minister .
this makes me happy . china bans its ivory trade , moving against elephant poaching .
male birth control study ended b/c of side effect complaints that some say are similar to female contraceptives .
what a crock as yellen prepares to raise rates ! obama 's gift to trump a ' pretty solid ' economy .
donald trump finds improbable ally in wikileaks yo apoye a wikileaks ya degenero .
trump names his kids , who are supposedly going to run his business via '' blind trust , '' to wh team .
monese raises $ 10m series a for its banking app targeting immigrants and expats .
could be interesting reading 6 books to help understand trumps win .
great read in @slate how to manipulate donald trump .
donald trump has released a plan to privatize americas roads and bridges .
the gop has only itself to blame for the '' rigged vote '' myth .
a charter plane with 81 passengers crashed in colombia , leaving six survivors .
i do n't understand humanity anymore . all defendants found not guilty .
be very careful abedin . d off #crookedhillary advisers point fingers at huma abedin-inner circle for loss .
meet dot , the new children 's show character inspiring girls to embrace tech '' data-page-subject .
tim rodrigo duterte says donald trump endorses his violent antidru .
mobile internet use passes desktop for the first time ! and remember google more searches via mobile than desktop .
trump names carl icahn as adviser on regulatory overhaul .
this thanksgiving a thought for the people who grow the food on our tables . malnutrition in a valley of plenty .
muslims , say to your christian neighbors it 's all in your faith .
hail our people ! hail victory ! ' hail new supreme leader .
jon stewart recounts his vicious twitter war with donald trump .
positive ratings for #foebama as he exits this must be .
yeah , just think about everyone you sent to prison . former pennsylvania attorney general is sentenced to prison .
hillary clinton presses her advantage over a struggling donald drumpf .
a @kimmelman tribute to berlin square where christmas market was targeted ; prewar , postwar and modern eras coexist .
love this series showing the private spaces of those we lost in 2016 .
shameful action by obama us must stop funding un us abstains as un demands end to israeli settlements .
i was really looking for a confrontation , so i could kill . the president of the philippines says he 's a murderer .
i made a mistake , but i have paid for it .
the lawyer who became duponts worst nightmare common in wv enviro disaster & amp ; the state just filed paperwork .
portland police say anti-trump protest is ' riot way to go cab .
tom hayden , a peace activist whose radical views helped spur anti-vietnam war movement , has died .
fedeprem82 meet dot , the new children 's show character inspiring girls to embra .
carlos alberto , the captain of brazil 's 1970 world cup-winning side , has died aged 72 more .
mt hillary clinton 's lead in popular vote nears 2 million .
ca n't wait to introduce my youngest to penguin . winnie-the-pooh gets a new friend @cnn .
9 deaths confirmed by the berlin police so far .
trump to drain the swamp , but change will be complex and costly at least he sees a ' swamp ' that needs draining .
pressures #obama to #veto u.n. resolution against #israeli settlements .
what muslim parents face as election day nears baba , i had a scary dream the child said , '' about donald trump .
price is right trump to nominate georgia rep as hhs secretary nov .
pope francis extends right of priests to forgive abortion .
facebook launches augmented reality masks , hoping to take the limelight from snapchat .
a call to #action for #journalists covering president the washington post .
news that were reported as the most memorable . medical and health news that stuck with us in 2016 .
missouri projected by abc news for @realdonaldtrump .
george soros , founder of @opensociety pledged $ 10 million to fight hate crimes . read more in today 's @nytimes .
gordon hamilton , climate scientist , dies at 50 in antarctica accident .
murder trial of officer who shot walter scott declared a mistrial .
chelynn world news biden i 'm ' embarrassed ' by the campaign this year 's presidential contest was a substance - .
police thugs fire rubber bullets as pipeline lakota people try to protect ancient burial site .
thrown in front of train at times square subway station is killed as push cases of are exceedingly rare .
trump & rsquo ; s voters don & rsquo ; t support deportation , and other surprises from the 2016 exit polls .
place ads worldwide map russia requires apple and google to remove linkedin fro .
hillary has an 87 % chance of winning . this election is now mostly about congress , not white house .
we need a latino spring in this country says @johnleguizamo in too bad youre latin .
latest unpaid trump vendor is his own pollster , tony fabrizio , $ 766 , 756 , from a well-regarded republican pollster .
peptides in tasmanian devil 's milk may help in fight against antibiotic resistance .
i scored 354 on the slate friday news quiz !
a list of possibilities for key posts in the new administration .
un apologizes for haiti & rsquo ; s cholera epidemic without noting it brought the disease .
megyn kelly leaving fox news for nbc news get ready for a liberal transformation !
two trillion galaxies . 300 billion stars in ours . we 're never as big a deal as we think . i find that comforting .
dt appealing district court order against voter intimidation . should speaks volumes people !
please tell me this is n't true ! cbc threatens podcast app makers , argues that rss readers violate cpyright .
emotions run high in final days of the 2016 election .
hillary ' crooked ' clinton 's team to join wisconsin recount pushed by jill stein new york times .
dow zooms over 1,000 points since trump victory this one is for all of the #nevertrump people .
pan pan , father to a generation of pandas , dies in china new york times .
airpr raises $ 5m to bring more data to pr .
i value this work . denouncing trump as a liar . misses the point of authoritaria .
the new york times doubts about the promised bounty of genetically modified crops .
is it gameover for vine ? twitter might save itself and vine by sellingit by @techcrunch check it out .
new spider species resembles harry potter ` sorting hat ' - bbc news .
harry reid is saying what every democrat in power should be .
a missing woman was found alive , chained '' like a dog '' inside a container . the sheriff joins us at 8 pm @hlntv .
hillary clinton leads donald trump by five points .
oakland fire was a rare mass whole chemical process .
another old-time star , passes zsa zsa gabor dies at 99 @cnn .
only 40 % excited about clinton or trump .
mag brands #trump a #huckster calls #clinton ' an fox news .
canada probes arctic strange under sea pinging sound !
iraqi military intelligence sourced reported to cnn that a senior isis commander was killed in the mosul conflict .
retweeted laurinda cole mike rowe to flag-burning students if you hate america , do n't .
michigan unemployment agency made 20,000 false fraud accusations .
america 's second interest rate in a decade could be here soon . the federal reserve appears poised to raise its .
hoy en noticias woman says trump reached under her skirt and groped her in earl .
police reportedly capture suspect that killed 2 iowa officers via the @foxnews app .
diversity leaders ' voice top story with trumps win silicon valley investors s .
place ads worldwide map russia requires apple and google to remove linkedin fro .
china orders xinjiang residents to surrender passports @cnn china needs to be controlled , what will trump do ?
the lives they lived remembering muhammad ali , natalie cole , david bowie and more of those we lost in the past year .
cities - la , sf , boston , philly , ny vow to #fighttrump on immigration , even if they lose millions .
harry reid is saying what every democrat in power should be .
climate change is a hoax ? then why does every world leader believe and trump doesnt ? hope earth survives .
new york times tech news @mikeyuhn silicon valleys culture , not its companies .
8 people were killed and 14 others were wounded in city shootings since midday saturday .
i scored 382 on the slate friday news quiz !
trump claims he won the electoral vote in a '' landslide , '' but he ranks below most president-elects .
instead of resolution , try a new years revolution .
in an unexpected turn of events , trump is said to offer interior job to rep. ryan zinke of montana .
trumps victory was built on unique coalition of white voters that 's racist but minorities votin .
judge extends fl voter registration deadline to oct 18 & amp ; gov . rick '' lizard man '' scott slithers away in outrage .
dismantles visitor registry before trump can revive it .
one person donald trump should not mess with is jon stewart . this video of jon on their twitter war is hysterical .
riots breaking out . police using tear gas and stun grenades !
climate scientist gordon hamilton died in antarctica this weekend .
fort lauderdale multiple people shot dead ' by #florida #gunman @bbcbreaking .
an extra $ 8k though tesla cars built from today on have all hardware needed for fullself-driving .
two trillion galaxies . 300 billion stars in ours . we 're never as big a deal as we think . i find that comforting .
funderbeam is building a #blockchain - based #stock exchange 4 .
cofounder of paypal donating $ 1.25 million do donald trump 's campaign . closing my paypal account .
a whale has decided to live in the hudson river off manhattan .
trumps picks most radically different from most americans in exactly their agencies ' responsibilities .
foxnews shows hillary up by 7 points .
house gop votes to gut independent ethics office at the highest levels .
trump saved jobs at carrier by making the same dumb deal politicians always made .
rodrigo duterte of philippines calls u.n. human rights chief an '' idiot '' and '' son of a bitch .
a federal appeals court on sunday , in a win for the trump campaign , blocked a broad district court order concerning allegations of voter intimidation against the campaign and ohio republicans . '' property .
this will stop happening soldier in uniform attacked after philadelphia parade , family says .
rapamycin could help your dog live longer .
good @todayshow send a message it 's not ok ! billy bush , suspended from ' today , ' fired at nbc .
one 19-year-old black trump supporter is distorting all nat'l polling averages b/c of overweighting of tiny samples .
international experts say n carolina no longer qualifies as a democracy .
republicans on brink of ' cold war .
la vittoria dei #sioux army blocks drilling of dakota access oil pipeline .
trumps victory , on front pages worldwide '' por daniel victor via nyt .
trump on 1016 i love wikileaks . trump in 2010 should get '' like death penalty or something .
who is and is n't performing at the inauguration ? '' property .
my analysis of clinton and trump hip-hop lyrics over 30 years and what it tells us about the hip-hop vote in 2016 .
carrie fisher 's affair with harrison ford according to carrie fisher there was a reason she and harrison ford had .
new york asks u.s. to pay trump security costs ; puts first bill at $ 35 million .
carl paladino , once candidate for ny governor , said michelle obama should be '' let loose in the outback of zimbabwe .
good visual analysis how trump reshaped the election map .
the big names in tech time to end the electoral college .
who 's happy w trump 's pick of steve bannon ? white nationalists , the american nazi party , the kkk .
nyt says you shouldnt let your dog lick your face .
terror arrests happening today in melbourne australia , planned for christmas day . 7 muslims arrested .
beware , iphone users fake retail #apps on #apple store are surging before holidays .
debbie reynolds dies one day after daughter carrie fisher passes .
if #jaredkushner is working on it , it should be called '' kapo tv '' talks of a trump tv network with a media deal maker h .
trumps threat to jail clinton targets democracys institutions how democracy becomes dictatorship .
some in fbi ' actively working ' to help trump .
gop leaders created the '' rigged vote '' myth , now try to renounce it .
leonard cohen , the hugely influential singer and songwriter whose work spanned five decades , died at the age of .
wait a minute now , @peterthiel cofounder of @paypal is allegedly donating $ 1.25 million to trump 's campaign ?
u.s. federal judge extends florida voter registration deadline until tuesday , october 18 , 2016 .
new york times tech news @mikeyuhn why light bulbs may be the next hacker targ .
this snl bit perfectly demonstrates how #trump will break the media .
at liberty university , all sins are forgiven on the altar of football this is not christianity , this is evangelism !
kate mckinnon performed leonard cohens '' hallelujah '' on snl .
13 people killed in #california tour bus crash near .
hillary clinton focuses on pushing turnout headed into election day .
trump allies focus anger on g.o.p. leaders , will trump use foreign workers to build the scaffold for ryan and jeb ?
2016 was the year the world saw how ignorant and fact-free nutty right-wing america really is .
fascinating read by @nate_cohn . educational split is replacing the '' culture war .
taa , spoken by a few thousand people in botswana and namibia , is believed to have the largest sound inventory of any language in the world .
a good wrap up by one of the best campaigners in the biz . what i got wrong about the election .
one of the greats , tom hayden , freedom rider , famed anti-vietnam war activist , dies @cnn .
serial killer stephen port found guilty of murdering four men .
when a dangerously insane person is right about something trump calls cost of f-35 jet out of control .
hillary clinton likely received more votes than any presidential candidate beside obama .
retweeted the muslim times vatican issues new guidelines on cremation , says no to scattering .
conservatives who insisted electing trump would be a grievous mistake now see an upside to a trump white house .
breaking news in florida judge extends florida voter reg . deadline until october 18 .
at least 39 dead in istanbul nightclub attack .
body found where woman was chained investigators are combing a farm in rural south carolina where they found a .
trumps threat to jail clinton also targets democracys institutions dictatorship overtone trumps unequivocally nuts .
oh the abc news that staged fake crime-scene shot , credibility .
fire at warehouse party in oakland kills at least 9 , with dozens missing .
this interview with a fake-news entrepreneur is . the guy made $ 10k + / mo on people sharing fake pro-trump storie .
a story of hope for end of 2016 to end elephant poaching , china bans all ivory trade .
biden on weiner i 'm not a big fan ' . i guess not .
rise and grind ! no , you can not vote by text . at your polling place !
calls to suicide hotlines surge post-election the stunning u.s. election brought a different sort of shock to .
facebook says it gives public officials extra leeway in violating terms of service ; twitter says it doesnt .
thought you might appreciate this article what kids wish their teachers knew .
men dont want jobs traditionally done by women .
earthquake in indonesia kills 25 earthquake in indonesia kills 25 .
check this out bowe bergdahl , facing desertion trial , asks obama for pardon .
spree of #obama actions revives gop concerns over midnight regs , agenda unorganized and ineffective actions !
so basically she said voters demand we do something wikileaks releases transcripts of clinton goldman sachs speeches .
fearing trump , bar association censors report calling him a libel bully .
big effort to steal election underway clinton team joins stein 's three-state vote recount .
justice department to track use of force by police just what we need .
what does donald trump do when he thinks no one 's looking ? watch this to find out .
trump transition attempts to counters extremism within state department .
at least 9 dead , dozens injured aft truck plows into berlin christmas market in apparent terror attack .
utah top #mormons in all-out revolt against #donaldtrump grabbing girls ' genitalia is against their religion too .
two-minute silence marks armistice day lest . we we forget .
for those keeping track . still many more ballots hillary clinton 's lead in popular vote nears 2 million @cnnpolitics .
after carrier pledge to keep #jobs in us , will more companies follow ?
snopes , bigger role , more attacks how a quirky little company became a go-to source ty , brave ppl , w .
as i note here , tillerson can not be trusted rex tillersons exxon , has billions at stake over sanctions on russia .
another former nfl athlete has been diagnosed with cte .
doubts about the promised bounty of genetically modified crops . ny times oct .
cnn rss australian police thwart possible christmas attack australian police announced friday morning that th .
we are not planning on erecting a deportation force ' really ? so now paul ryan is potus ?
trump has not shown a new side of himself . this is the trump we always knew .
journalism faces an ' existential crisis ' in trump era @cnn media only reported protesters . but not those celebrating .
king trump has ruled . clinton ' has to go to jail ' @cnnpolitics .
refugee children making clothes for major uk retailers .
abc news on twitter trump announces that masayoshi son , ceo of sof .
has @uber met it 's match ? its not tesla vs . uber , its the people vs .
has democracy failed ? warning signs are flashing red .
top story from techcrunch backtrace , a debugging startup led by former appnexu .
kellyanne conway 's husband on short list for top us solicitor general .
retweets russian officials were in contact with .
its not wrong to wish muslims merry christmas . they share our love for jesus why do you persecute ?
been following him from afar i agree the next dnc chair should be @keithellison . add your name if you agree .
the self-driving truck company made its first delivery recently , moving 50,000 cans of budweiser .
wrote a score to trump stalking clinton at the latest debate . and its fantastic .
the new york times hurricane matthew toll climbs to at least 16 as north carolina suffers record-breaking flooding .
teacher placed on leave compared #trump to hitler i 'm surprise she did n't get raise .
jenny pike poll clinton , trump tied in utah hillary clinton and donald trump are tied in utah , a .
judge jeanine slams obama why are you so obsessed with russia ? thank you judge , beautifully stated !
the germans as the worlds last liberal defense line .
trump claims credit for $ 50 billion investment by japanese firm this proves cnn is filthy scum .
considers reducing ads & amp ; length of games over ratings . way to not mention primary cause @el_belson .
trump starts ' thank you ' tour bashing clinton and media .
edaccessible '' theresa may scolds kerry for focus on israel settlements .
trevor noah in divided people are easier to rule . that was , after all , the whole point of apartheid .
2b9483e0 harry reid comey may have violated the hatch act senate democratic leader .
additional force us sending 200 more troops to help fight isis .
facebook scores big in q3 earnings $ 7b revenue and 1.8 busers .
uss mason fired on again off the coast of yemen .
bottled water or tap how much does your choice matter ? whats your daily plastic habit doing to the planet ?
hollywood is living in a bubble and should n't talk politics .
administrative district airport physical entity may have heard voices urging entity , physical entities say .
apple complying with a request from chinese authorities , removes new york times apps from its store in .
cnn top stories should you buy your kid a phone for xmas ?
facebook , microsoft , twitter , youtube collaborate to fight against terrorist content .
teeth #instar in american-israeli aristotelian is #dividing jewess in the detinue seat .
i scored 473 on the slate friday news quiz !
retweeted josh schwerin donald trump tax plan would add to debt and hillary clintons wouldnt .
trump plans to cancel all payments to un climate change programmes in his first 100 days in office .
our unknown country . america is possibly a failed state , he says .
samantha bee calls out white people , and specifically white women , for & ldquo ; ruining america & rdquo ; .
tt137 top story google will ban websites that host fake news from using its ad .
trent partridge glenn beck clinton is a ' moral , ethical choice ' for republicans .
religious thoughts trigger reward systems like love , drugs .
creating a new colossus at & t agreed to buy time warner for more than $ 80 billion .
i scored 325 on the slate friday news quiz !
colbert and oliver , late-night hosts , discuss election .
trump is angry at nbc news for using this photo of him , so plz do n't use the enhanced , enlarged version of it .
bakersfield police shoot unarmed 73-year-old man fatally overkilled 7 shots ?
internet-destroying outages were caused by '' amateurish '' iot malware / boing boing .
a brilliant essay from @wesley_morris on why pop culture still has n't grappled with portraying black male sexuality .
north korea preparing for another ballistic missile launch , sources @foxnews appthis will continue w/out trump .
i scored 131 on the slate friday news quiz !
november 18 , 2016 at 05:15 am kanye west i would 've voted for trump .
ex-spy claims russia has been cultivating relationship with trump for five years .
you rarely livestream , but 1m people livechill onhouseparty .
facebook q3 earning are at impressive $ 7.01 billion in revenue and $ 1.09 eps . read full @techcrunch breakdown .
2 years after super-hack of us secrets , white house agency getting worse at cyber-defense like potus .
new cutting-edge $ 4b navy destroyer malfunctions in panama canal @cnnpolitics i have a great mechanic .
leads @realdonaldtrump , two new polls show @cnnpolitics .
#paulbeatty has become the first #us #author to win the #manbooker prize with his racial satire the sellout .
alaska , reliant on air transit , faces pilot shortage . are drones an answer ? aviation accidents , safety and disas .
for next christmas boost teaches kids how to bring blocks to life with .
republicans kick the poor in the teeth . medicaid funding to end for planned parenthood in texas , state says .
thailand 's king bhumibol adulyadej , the world 's longest-reigning monarch who was head of state for 70 years , dies at the age of 88 .
762 murders in 12 months chicago 's deadly 2016 fire the cheif of police and mayor fast !
ahh look at the sour puss face on little timmy @tim_cook explains why he met with president-elect .
in china-us trade war , trump would have weapons obama has already ok 'd 500 % tariffs on some chinese steel .
kansas approvingly cites dred scott to explain why it can ban abortion .
sen. harry reid sparked a rise in hate crimes and threats of .
11 ways to be a better person in 2017 .
pan , father to a generation of pandas , dies in china at 31 , he was among the worlds oldest p .
king bhumibol adulyadej of thailand dies at 88 ; reigned 70 years .
in a surprise move , romanias largest political party nominated a woman from the countrys tatar minority for .
hundreds support christian florist fined for refusing to work sodomite wedding via the @foxnews app .
new update trump says u.s. should expand nuclear ability , but offers no details .
i want one ! a 4k digital whiteboard for collaboration .
n _ t _ 38 5 reasons not to worry about a ' rigged ' election donald trump is insisting the presid .
how hillary clinton spent the morning after her concession via jusswaggtv .
will miss her vey much . gwen ifill , award-winning political reporter and author , dies at 61 .
trump ' irritated ' by aide 's romney attacks .
a must read article a berlin square where the prewar , postwar and modern eras coexist .
evolved into deadlier enemy during the african epidemic virus was more effective in attacking human cells .
the years best actors including krisha fairchild , taraji p. henson , emma stone and denzel washington channel classic film-noir looks and scenarios for a series of photographs .
memes officially dead exxon c.e.o. said to be top contender for secretary of state ; giuliani is out .
this is an incredible interview with frank ocean !
the north carolina republican party condemned the ku klux klan on friday after the racist group announced a parade in the tar heel state to celebrate president-elect donald trump 's win . '' property .
trump calls for revoking flag burners citizenship . court rulings forbid it . disrespect 4 human rights !
four more charged in flint water crisis . now they should all go to jail !
trump says he 's turning away ' billions via cnnbrk cnn retweet follow .
woman says she found a rat sewn into her zara dress @cnn gt ; & gt ; & gt ; gross .
new research suggests that healthy habits can help prevent risks associated with genetic heart disease .
a true artist . epic and enigmatic songwriter , is dead at 82 .
jeff koons is giving a sculpture to paris to honor terror victims . he said inflatable tulips represented ' buoyancy .
mall santa loses job for telling girl crooked #hillaryclinton on naughty list .
social media from anti donald trump and president obama meet at whit .
just reviled how sick she is kelly tells tales out of fox news in her memoir , settle for more .
michiyo yasuda , former head of colouration at legendary animation house studio ghibli , has passed away .
aba refuses to publish report by media lawyers that concluded trump is a '' libel bully .
the floodgates are open on trump sexual assault allegations & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt .
the grace of gwen ifill heartfelt goodbye to a woman journalism colleague who proved everyone wrong .
merkel 's call for burqa ban in germany draws backlash merkel panders to the right to get reelected .
cnn top stories trump ' deserves respect .
how to confront offensive speech even the politest of objections can almost instantly curb a speakers behavior .
strategic principles for securing the internet of things via homeland security .
this young man will go far if he continues to stand up & amp ; not give in football player stands alone to honor america .
romania set for surprise prime minister a female muslim from the country 's tatar minority .
almost 70,000 people have been displaced so far , half of them children scenes of flight from mosuls front lines http .
#singapore will be rolling out #driverless buses after a successful trial run !
obama must 've told ' em to cut it out china agrees to return seized drone , pentagon says .
important story , but poor choice of pic @nytimes . coke , pepsi give millions to public health , then lobby against it .
electors demand intelligence briefing on #russianhackers before electoral college vote .
jury acquits leaders of oregon standoff of federal charges fox news @realdonaldtrump .
pipeline protesters vow to stay camped on land stolen by the feds .
ny times newtop story all this talk of voter fraud ? across u.s. , officials fou .
officials at ohio state say campus secure , shelter in place lifted ; parts of campus closed .
the 2nd avenue subway is the cubs of subways .
i scored 546 on the slate friday news quiz !
remember that one time gop big donors demanded the rnc cut all ties to trump ?
attackers open fire at nightclub in istanbul by christopher mele via #nyt #news the new york times .
pentagon confronts a new isis threat more scare tactics .
9 dead tweet from the berlin police .
donald trump derides an intel briefing on what he says is the '' so-called ' russian hacking .
dealbook | at & t agrees to buy time warner for $ 85.4 billion .
not a decade ago not just words miss washington 2013 '' donald trump groped her .
i was n't offended ' by message of @hamiltonmusical cast .
13 people killed in california tour bus crash @cnn buses need gps monitored speed limiters .
trump says he may keep parts of obama health care act how about that ?
christmas weekend in gun control chicago 41 shot , 11 killed .
how to take the harry met sally tour in the footsteps of harry and sally .
las noticias internacionales woman says trump reached under her skirt and grope .
not gon na say i told you so vol , 2,398,302 epa finally confirms #fracking contaminates water .
an updating list of republican leaders who do n't support trump , and when each reached their breaking point .
leader , joseph kabila is trapped in a labyrinth of his own making .
come at me bruh ! new york timess lawyer responds to donald trump .
when women are sexually assaulted on long-haul flights , airlines have no idea what to do .
top us intelligence official james clapper resigns .
china calls trump 's talk with taiwan leader ' shenanigans .
boko haram releases 21 girls kidnapped from school in chibok , nigeria says hoping to see others soonest .
trump loves the poorly educated . likes the racists too . trumps big bet on less educated whites .
i had affair with \ ` star wars \ ' co-star harrison ford .
a deeper look into the lives of some who we lost in 2016 .
plane #crash in #connecticut was #intentional , authorities suspect @cnn address fraud .
federal judge extends florida voter registration deadline ca n't get the dead registered fast enough , apparently .
scientists accidentally find an efficient process to turn co2 into ethanol . a possible means of reducing co2 levels ?
doe employees '' have nothing to fear '' for having attended climate change conferences , yeah right .
chelsea manning - #whistleblower tried committing suicide a second time in october after being put in solitary .
actual video of shooting . russia 's ambassador to turkey assassinated in ankara @cnn .
leak reveals us secretary of state nominee rex tillerson was director of a bahamas-based us-russian oil firm .
fake story about the obamas and hillary clinton ensnares fox news ' dumbest anchor @seanhannity today .
we have been told fake history for 70 years hillary clinton calls fake news ' an epidemic .
how to manipulate donald trump trump the morally vapid weakling who craves approval .
a terrible loss for my generation ! veteran indian actor dies aged 66 .
revelers spilled into the streets of #algonquin later on the demise of #fidel #castro .
think youre smarter than slates chief news blogger ? find out with this weeks news quiz .
think #solar energy 's a bust ? solar roof tiles & amp ; home battery may be the game changer .
abedin reportedly pleads ignorance of how emails at center of latest clinton probe got on computer .
democrats should obstruct all of trump 's picks . the stolen supreme court seat .
hotel project embodiment of jet age at kennedy airport my first international flight through its doors .
wow , it 's already happening , more than ever . i was speaking spanish on the phone a few min ago .
number of well-known republican leaders publicly saying that they are not supporting trump . two are former .
rockettes not required to dance at trump inauguration , company says let 's see how that works out for non dancers .
donald trump agrees to pay $ 25 million in trump university settlement this is interesting and important to know .
top democrats turn on kerry over israel speech secretary of state john kerry is under fire for his blunt .
asif buddhu ban gaya . fake news prompted kh . asif to threaten israel to go nuclear .
u got away with not releasing your tax returns !
oh great , ransomware is infecting smart tvs now .
what does a president-elect @realdonaldtrump for #siliconvalley ? nothing very good .
slate made a tool to help stop the spread of fake news . it 's simple to use and non-bias .
one family . six decades . myriad views of fidel castros revolution .
haitians need aid photos and detailed maps reveal #hurricanematthews brutal aftermath in .
matthew leaves 17 dead in us ; 8 killed in north carolina amid severe flooding .
the ceo of @grubhub boss tells pro-trump employees to resign . spread info and .
serial killer stephen #port has been found guilty of the murder of #hull man anthony walgate .
about media & amp ; journalism i hardly expected my letter to donald trump to go vir .
donald trump ' grabbed me/went for the lips ' 9th accuser speak up , ladies , it was n't just words .
florence ' carol brady ' henderson dies at 82 she was one of america 's moms , a television mother many people gr .
would electing hillary to presidency get us in a world war ! hillary gave us a splintered middle east in free fall !
trump claims , with no evidence , that millions of people voted illegally millions vote for him ? how would he know ?
us to quit tpp on first day in office . even talking seems to require so much effort for trump .
very sad to learn of this loss gwen ifill , award-winning political reporter and author , dies at 61 .
the alt-right conspiracy image generator door @beschizza .
i scored 432 on the slate friday news quiz !
the new york times we 're giving all readers unlimited access to for 72 hours on nov .
north carolina gov . pat mccrory concedes race #democrat !
another day another hack , this time @weebly 43 million , thankfully passwords were hashed .
article says #trump made call which was arranged by his taiwan-friendly campaign staff .
200 people paid to see amy schumer perform and walked out when she criticized trump ? did they not know her before ?
fort lauderdale airport shooting : five people shot dead by florida gunman - bbc news .
reading fake news , pakistani minister directs nuclear threat at . new york times .
russia influenced election in favor of trump .
retweeted the new york times they swore allegiance to the '' hong kong nation . now they 're barred .
is trump walking away from campaign promises ? sure he is knowing before he could n't get promises made towards people .
on #facebook '' its not a traditional technology company . its not a traditional media company .
ex-nfl star & amp ; serial convicted rapist of 18 women darren sharper sentenced to 20 more years in prison .
enough with the tweets , chinas state media tells trump .
congratulations to my dear friend elaine chao on being named secretary of transportation .
clinton 's lead nears 2 million more than trump .
$ bmw signs on with $ ibm #watson to develop in-car #ai and #iot svcs .
playing bball involves predictable name-calling yao is asian . that was the joke .
donald drumpf cancels new york times meeting and pursues battles with the press .
to hell with trump ; the world as we know it has ended ! leon russell , hit maker & amp ; musicians musician , dies at 74 .
60sixty #police_officers fatally shot so far in 2016 . 20 twenty were ambushed .
dylann roof himself will speak in court on tuesday , but he wo n't be mounting a mental health defense .
donald trump is picking his cabinet . heres an updated short-list .
a populist agenda for all americans . from jesse jackson in 1984 ?
translating trumps sarcasm '' nice ! enough with the tweets , china tells trump .
legends of the fall . considering the colour of autumn foliage .
almost tweeted this yesterday & amp ; stopped shy researchers accidentally turn carbon dioxide into ethanol .
lady tecniq news why depression is rising among teen girls depression has increased among teenagers in recent .
twitter will finally stop including usernames in the character count for replies .
have you ordered your shirt to stop cyber bullying ?
the white house did n't take long to report it . this was reported in september . you downplayed it . so did y .
being american in the trump years hope he will shed his campaign persona for one befitting a na .
multiple fatalities reported in school bus crash in chattanooga @cnn .
the top books of 2016 from the new york times .
macy 's is closing 68 stores , cutting 10k jobs thanks @realdonaldtrump take credit for this .
a defective will leaves a $ 7m brownstone in limbo and the lifelong partner in a bitter fight to inherit it .
conflicts of interest all over trump 's universe .
the establishment is finished here , the establishment is finished there , the establishment is finished everywhere .
from @nytimes women majority of u.s. law students for 1st time .
wants to be the next #us ambassador to #czech republic .
techcrunch #techcrunch #tech zuckerberg implies facebook is a media company , just not a traditional me .
instead of struggling to be mindful , maybe '' we should be grateful our brains allow us to be elsewhere .
authorities to block supplies to #dapl protesters .
prof union and college now moving to expel student who videoed professor calling trump 's election ' terrorism .
where trump is still king , so scary .
fbi sends letter to congress saying email review completed , decision not to prosecute via the @foxnews app .
cnn top stories $ 4b navy destroyer malfunctions in panama canal .
k-indemand news how russia and turkey brokered peace in syria .
magnitude 6.9 earthquake strikes off fukushima in japan , triggering tsunami warning .
oh @marcorubio , just shut up ! senators challenge @realdonaldtrump on #secretaryofstate prospect 's russia ties .
proves she 's almost as #despicable as @realdonaldtrump in fawning cnn interview .
we need to clean this up aide #cherylmills cried foul on obama 's email denial .
richard gutjahr newtop story jury finds reporter , rolling stone responsible fo .
new york times editorial board rudi unfit to be secretary of state .
a time for refusal do not capitulate to the evil . a must read by @tejucole .
longtime civil rights and antiwar activist tom hayden dies at 76 .
tesla & amp ; solarcity made tau island in american samoa , solar-powered in under a year . could #menorca be the next one ?
what time is it . trump star on hollywood walk of fame is smashed .
self driving cars causing reduction in accidents , will exacerbate organ donation shortages .
this list is light on proven management expertise . donald trump is picking his cabinet heres a short list .
annuities are not complex math . even math teachers are at a loss to understand annuities .
google #ai created its own encryption .
now u believe ? backs #cia view that #russia intervened to help trump #win ! fbi and cia .
president-elect donald trump completed a deposition earlier thursday over his legal battle against chef jos and .
the judge also said detzner 's actions amounted to an undeclared war ' on the right to vote in florida .
germany calls for ban on new combustion engine cars by 2030 .
berlin ' 45 ; grozny ' 00 ; aleppo ' 16 drone video reveals destruction so complete that it obliterates a sense of time .
bundy and oregon freedom fighters all acquitted ! all defendants found not guilty .
most read @nytimes article of 2016 why you will marry the wrong person '' - by alaindebotton .
2016 word of the year it is xenophobia .
almost 200 employees & amp ; contract workers of us dept of homeland security have taken nearly $ 15 million in bribes , nyt .
this will be hard news for thailand , my sympathies . king bhumibol adulyadej dies at 88 .
what time is it . how much is it worth to hold your newborn ?
a complete list of all the sexual assault allegations against donald trump .
trump 's pick for ambassador to israel signals right turn on us-israel policy .
cities are cutting public transit based on the assumption that uber will fill the gap .
former miss universe alicia machado donald trump '' is not getting away with it .
trumps calls to world leaders are upsetting decades of diplomacy all he wants is to build hotels .
gerrymac tweeted times voice shaking , michelle obama calls trump com .
trump probably avoided his medicare taxes , totalling millions of .
afghan vp dostum accused of assaulting rival and taking him hostage for ' disrespecting ' him .
maybe do n't fucking grab her at all unless you have consent !
india 's demonetization policy is hurting people who arent its intended targets , argues @kaushikcbasu .
not great , but crushed @willoremus i scored 328 on the slate friday news quiz !
the new york times obama plans farewell speech from chicago .
one small step for nasa , one giant leap for gifs by jonah engel bromwich via nyt the new york times .
colombia and rebels sign new peace deal , this time skipping voters by nicholas casey via the new york times .
trump just released a plan to fix roads and infrastructure by privatizing them . this means that it wo n't cost the .
methinks gingrich is right i can think of 20 other people better for secretary of state than romney .
guess he did n't rig the polls in @realdonaldtrump 's favor ! latest unpaid trump vendor is his own pollster .
facebook and google are cracking down on people taking advantage of social networks to make money using fake news .
the reality of deportation intoday 's usa . deluged immigration courts , where cases stall for years , begin to buckle .
new york times craig sager colorful n.b.a. sideline reporter dies at 65 .
fires back at phil jackson for posse comment lebron you backed loser hillary . stop crying raci .
is a heart attack cardiac arrest ? does it cause heart failure ? a medical guide to misused terms .
pick for sec of state , #rextillerson , has billions at stake over sanctions on .
investigating donald trump , f.b.i. sees no clear link to russia .
i scored 482 on the slate friday news quiz !
how poe 's law explains the dumpsterfire that was 2016 on the internet .
great profile of #modern #aging & amp ; next career / @letterman shop at target these days .
heart attack cardiac arrest heart failure often used interchangeably but theyre distinct entities @slate .
bring back the public option . the best way to save obamacare .
perfectly executed temperature check of silicon valley elite on peter thiel , by @williamalden and @nitashatiku .
channel anger and anxiety into action . never be complacent again .
after the deaths of these 10 notable people , the new york times photographed their private spaces as they left them .
first woman to climb everest dies at 77 .
dakota access pipeline to be rerouted . stay cautiously optimistic .
on #trump 's short list for housing secretary is @robastorino who has fought integration in his county .
is waging information warfare . heres how to fight back my oped in @nytimes on deterring #russia 's #hybridwar http .
supreme court allows arizona ballot collection law / corrupt hillary & amp ; democrats trys to change law to their favor !
here are the republicans calling on trump to drop out after 2005 audio was released .
trump trails popular vote by & gt ; 2.5 million votes , the 3rd-worst margin among winning candidates since 1824 .
in which toilet shall i go boss ? email shows dnc boss giving clinton camp debate question in advance .
dear everyone in the social media world the plague of fake news is getting worse .
fbi discovered clinton-related emails weeks ago @cnnpolitics hey @cnn do n't forget we have a predator running too .
welcome to #siliconslaughter and #ww3 . android smartphones found secretly sending personal data to china .
trumps 's plan to eliminate nasa climate research in the us is ill-informed and dangerous .
we love peter thiel ! palantir could help power trump 's extreme vetting of immigrants .
donaldtrumps military government the american way is that civilians control the generals , not the other way around .
early trump supporter palin suggests carrier deal is ' crony capitalism fox news fox ne .
which of the top 10 #cnnheroes should be named the 2016 cnn hero of the year ? vote now at .
the story behind america 's president-elect , donald trump .
alegato en el @nytimes de snapchat while we were n't looking , snapchat revolutionized social networks .
oakland fire was a rare mass casualty blaze . fire codes help explain why . if this happens .
colombia plane crash jet ran out of fuel , pilot said .
jeff koons is giving sculpture to paris to remember terror victims .
proposition song '' has reached 10,000 + views on @youtube !
specter of race shadows jeff sessions , potential nominee for cabinet jeff sessions is a role model 4 inbred children .
donald trump is picking his cabinet . heres a shortlist . trey gowdy for attorney general .
trump 's strategy to cut property taxes assaults women and towns & amp ; cities .
bristol palin says musicians are '' sissies '' for refusing to perform at trump 's inauguration !
the new york times shootings in new york fall to lowest number since the 90s .
suspect , scott michael greene is in custody in iowa police shooting .
as california water use rises some ask were limits eased too soon @cawaterboards ?
self-driving cars will exacerbate organ shortages by via hacker news .
hate crime charges filed in chicago beating streamed on facebook live oddly the left is silent . no outrage left ?
pop star george michael has died is reality really that a bitch ?
think you 'd be a good copy editor ? try the nyt standards editor 's quiz and correct recent grammatical errors .
key states tilting toward trump after fbi 's october surprise election hq 2016 app .
trump 's son-in-law is at center of transition infighting .
i hardly expected my letter to go viral lawyer david mccraw shares story + fan mail of breaking the internet htt .
trump loves ny . but it doesnt love him back .
nyts was writing about #trump 's behavior back in may crossing the line how trump behaved with women in private .
donald trump meets with al gore on climate change @pbs @thirteenwnet .
woman says trump reached under her skirt and groped her in early 1990s another victim of herr gropen .
michael moore is offering to pay the fine for any republican member of the electoral college who goes against .
idiots at @nytimes trying to tell trump how to lead . lol trumps calls to world leaders upset decades of diplomacy .
samsung temporarily suspends production of galaxy note 7 for more alerts go .
trump hollywood walk of fame star smashed trumps star has been the target ofnumerous attempts at defacement .
breaking with decades of precedent , trump has ordered all of obama 's ambassadors to be gone by inauguration day .
what the trump victory means for the supreme court .
we are raising a generation of america haters . sad when a college football player stands alone to honor america .
we are feeling what not having hope feels like ' she is so racist makes me sick !
enough is enough ! more than 160 republican leaders dont support donald trump . when was their breaking point ?
white house report on #ai and #economy warns of increasing inequality , which is normal for every #tech revolution .
the top un human rights official called the siege and bombardment of eastern aleppo crimes of historic .
proud to say i just supported the @aclu .
military probes mysterious arctic pinging noise #bbc news the canadian military has investig .
paul beatty is the first american to win the man booker prize .
i somehow made hillary clinton president , but the game might be rigged . play the bbc 's predict the president game htt .
and so it begins . russia 's ambassador to turkey assassinated in ankara @cnn .
a british banker accused of murdering two indonesian women in hong kong has pleaded not guilty .
crazy election getting crazier ! kasich votes mccain instead of trump .
lorry ploughs into berlin christmas market killing 12 , injuring 48 .
obama challenges gop to spell out obamacare alternative . after 7 yrs gop has no plan !
at least 39 people were killed and at least 69 wounded in an attack in a nightclub in istanbul , turkey early .
retweeted cnn breaking news pop superstar janet jackson , 50 , gives birth to a boy , according to .
how did roman coins end up a world away in okinawa ?
the slatiest '' self-driving cars will make organ shortages even worse .
hear us #noromney #betrayed @kellyannepolls resumes romney opposition , loyalists feel ' betrayed ' @realdonaldtrump http .
pay attention #northcarolina . do n't get fooled again . calls special session , possible power grab .
college students want to kill foreign language requirements . their schools should tell them nein .
politics | bill clinton evokes past , but from the periphery of his wife 's campaign .
residents of nyc apartment buildings bearing the trump name are petitioning to have the signage removed .
zsa zsa gabor , actress famous for her glamour , dies at 99 .
uk startup is now delivering takeout with self-driving robots !
gt ; & gt ; cnn #us berlin attack 3 arrested , including suspect 's nephew .
help stop the spread of fake news/lies .
neo-nazi posting , in whitefish , mont step up patrols need to provide 24-hour protection not just patrols !
carrie fisher was so much more than pricess leia . she was a brave trailblazer for mental health awareness .
keep calm a new tool can crack a #creditcard number in 6 seconds .
the 2016 altruist #plunder for profession goes to #american singer-songwriter bob .
stein \ 's mad money nearly m of recount funds spent on overhead .
aide says @clintonfdn paid for chelseas wedding , @wikileaks emails show .
oh the irony for the left recounts , trump gains in wisconsin .
interesting in context of @odannyboy #sxconf16 talk behind our anxiety fear of being unneeded .
meet the baby who was born twice . this amazing @cnn story has been everywhere this week .
calais children to come to uk ' in days .
the us kids suing the govt over climate change are our best hope now .
says the combo of #ai and human intel will define our future .
trump 's choice for national security advisor , gen flynn fights cia . brutal but fascinating assault .
jury acquits leaders of oregon standoff of federal charges via the @foxnews app .
philippine mayor accused of drug ties by prez is killed by police ; among * 2k people * killed in crackdown since july .
peter thiel defends his most contrarian move yet hay tantas inconsistencias en .
trump 's tweet lead was ' swelled by bots .
did russia have a hand in us elections ? president obama orders full review into russia hacking election !
49ers qb colin kaepernick explains why he did n't vote .
the last 24 hours of trump test ' one president at a time ` tradition .
lady tecniq news glenn beck the alt-right is truly terrifying .
danish doctors group wants to end circumcision for boys via nyt the new york times .
ambush shooting death of 2 officers in iowa .
jay z to headline concert for hillary clinton rapper jay z will headline a concert f .
he owes us all a paycheck ? zuckerberg implies facebook is a media company , '' not a traditional media company .
news '' these are the bad options james comey faced '' via nyt .
calls for drug test ahead of next #debate . he was half kidding half serious , but i think its a great idea .
it ai n't gon na happen we are not planning on erecting a deportation force .
an avalanche of evidence may now bury hillary it comes down to a preponderance of evidence .
new information states that clinton 's emails were discovered by the fbi long ago .
he cant claim were all liars , '' trump 's ninth accuser says .
a polling location near la on lockdown after a shooting nearby will polling hrs be extended ?
bashes #trump over russia praise , but emails show she praised putin via the @foxnews android app .
is it safe ? foreign students reconsider college in trumps u.s. , seek alternatives like singapore & amp ; australia .
south korea 's moran market , often the target of protests , bans the slaughter of dogs for meat .
you 're only as good as the people you choose . donald trump is picking his cabinet . heres a shortlist .
the world reacts to the death of fidel castro .
trumps victory reopened america 's great racial divide by building on the oldest coalition of white voters .
british pop star george michael , the musician who first shot to fame with the 1980s duo wham ! , has died , his family said in a statement . he was 53 years old . '' property .
real time tweeting right now from @nytimes reporters on donald trump meeting at times .
unemployment drops to 4.6 % , lowest since 2007 so we all know where we 're starting from .
had 2 million votes more than #trump . electoral college system needs rethinking .
anthem singer at heat-76ers game kneels during performance thats why nobody watches nba .
complicit #msm should be outside the circle trump battle w/press , hints at wh briefing changes .
i 'm with @berniesanders . the next dnc chair should be @keithellison . sign the petition here !
mt @alanblinder dylann roof will speak in court tuesday , but he wo n't mount a mental health defense .
m.f.a. in creative writing paul beatty wins the man booker prize ! first american writer to do so !
mika brzezinski says clinton campaign wanted her ' pulled off the air ' - the left is the party fighting free speech .
how cool is that ! watch this autonomous tesla drive from home to work .
starbucks ceo howard schultz to step down howard schultz , the visionary leader of starbucks , is stepping down nex .
the glenn quagmire globe top story brazil legend dies aged .
donald trump has been accused of inappropriately touching women i sadly am shocked and not surprised all at once .
when you tweet humor and twitter thinks it 's fact groan fake story ensnares sean hannity .
one 19-year-old black man who supports trump was actually skewing the polls .
the thank you tour ! just wait in jan . we 'll have trump spectacular on ice !
u.s. blocks mine planned near boundary waters in minnesota .
microsoft announces a brand new product '' surface studio '' .
retweeted breaking news hillary clinton 's popular vote lead over donald trump now exceeds 1.5 .
@apple is no longer the most innovative company . they 've been playing it safe for a while now .
toll in turkey bombings rises to 29 killed , including 27 police officers , interior . by #cnnbrk via .
nyc asks u.s. taxpayers to pay trump security costs ; first bill $ 35m before inauguration .
kanye west calls out beyonc and praises trump in onstage tirade translation of uncle tom , '' massa trump , any crumbs ?
on trump 's '' rhetoric of fake power .
lincoln used to get into this shit all the time jon stewart recounts his twitter war with donald trump .
navy fighter jet painted pink for breast cancer awareness month .
trump labor sec is a gross misogynist , really into hot women in bikinis '' straight gross misogynist .
new fox news national poll clinton 49 trump 42 4-way clinton 45 trump 39 .
megyn kelly leaving fox news for nbc news let nbc have her and her bs .
but this emerging consensus around a rust belt revolt is wrong . trump did not really flip white .
laws nor afflicting others do n't matter . dem campaign bus dump sewage into georgia storm drain .
heres how the federal government made the maps that crippled black neighbhorhoods .
while you were n't looking , fish taco released a plan to privatize america 's roads .
win 4 democracy ! judge extends florida voter registration deadline until october 18 @cnnpolitics .
my tweeted times top rugby league world cup 2021 england chosen as hosts ahea .
mall #santa loses job for telling young girl that @hillaryclinton is on the naughty list .
calls @lockheedmartin f-35 fighter jet costs ' out of control .
top stories vatican issues guidleines on cremation the vatican announced tuesday tha .
issues where trumps picks most americans differ #trumptheestablishment of richest 1 % now .
fomaworld google starts highlighting fact-checks in news .
update 35 killed attacker opens fire at istanbul nightclub , news agency reports .
the party concerned with the environment campaign bus dumps sewage into georgia storm drain , police sa .
as the bank reels in the court of public opinion , it has been able to stop lawsuits from defrauded customers by moving the cases to arbitration .
a large sheet of ice is set to break away from antarctica and scientists say it will be one of the largest breaks .
diva disaster mariah carey team claim nye show was sabotaged .
israels parliament draws a line on short hemlines dress to be sharia compliant in israel like saudia ?
readers will have unlimited access to for 72 hours from november 7 until november 9 .
recalling all #karma drones just 16 days after release .
google 's new photoscan app makes it easy to digitize old #photo prints .
new @reuters / ipsos projection gives hillary clinton a 95 % chance of winning electoral college vote .
big night for fox news as chris wallace moderates #debate , but coming fight between news and opinion overshadows all .
bbc news world everest 's first woman climber junko tabei dies at 77 the first woman to ascend everest , japa .
six rules for surviving an autocracy . important read for surviving trump 's slimy ass .
despite what the ads say , the overwhelming majority of deals on the day after thanksgiving are duds .
two athletic game organisations exploit by war .
actress @carrieffisher is in critical condition after a ' cardiac episode ' on flight from london to l.a.
clinton in 1st post-election speech i did n't want to leave the house '' . good , stay there .
no take backs in real life john oliver now regrets urging donald trump to run .
duterte reports trump endorses his violent killings and anti-drug campaign .
actress carrie fisher is in critical condition after heart attack on flight from london to l.a.
lego 's teaching kids how to code .
this means deeper integrations with google services .
the hollywood elites think they control us-lmao is media downplaying trump bump in jackie evancho 's album sales ?
20 things donald trump said he wanted to get rid of as president . , # 11 , # 14 , # 16 involve environmental protection .
the democratic party establishment is finished & lt .
palmyra : is retakes ancient syrian city - bbc news .
man who shouted jew-s-a is ' deplorable it 's @realdonaldtrump who 's created this rhetoric u dumbass .
i scored 313 on the slate friday news quiz !
trump ready to accept russia hacking report , if dems questioned iraqi intel as trump .
in this ugly election year , leave it to the #canadiens to tell us how great we are .
theresa may scolds kerry for focus on israel settlements .
the big boys keep getting bigger & amp ; bigger ! at & t buys tim warner for $ 80 billion . again that is $ 80 billion !
great advice by @mashagessen rules for survival .
2016 was the year white liberals learned about disillusionment .
you have stress ? forget the shortcuts , sweat is out ! here 's six ways .
reversing course , e.p.a. says #fracking can contaminate drinking new york times .
zsa zsa gabor , actress famous for her glamour -lrb- and her marriages -rrb- , dies at 99 .
the harlem deer will live . state officials will relocate the buck to a rural area .
john kasich , sticking to his word , votes for john mccain instead of donald trump for president .
stop texting and start speaking here 's how , according to the once again popular toastmasters .
president obama says america will go to mars .
eduation is a best legacytutor betsy devos , trumps education pick , h .
important @slate read if you 're worried about how a president trump will treat the press .
meet myron ebell , who attacks climate science and climate scientists , and who is assembling trump 's epa .
even as the pounds fell away and their health improved , two patients contended with the feeling that life hadnt changed as much as theyd hoped .
goes to #finlandtech in pursuit of #nordicmade #vr + #ar talent .
trumps ascent to power marks 1st time in living mem lib world order no longer has powerful defender .
nfl teams to be fined for posting videosshare official @nfl videos .
official says women molested on new year 's eve in bangalore are to blame for dressing like westerners .
retweeted official team trump the trump effect is real ! after #carrier pledge to keep jobs in .
you people were vicious , violent '' said #trump of his supporters yes ; some still are . cc @support ht .
donald drumpf tax plan would add to debt and hillary clintons wouldnt , study finds .
six myths about a priceless diamond bbc news @mattypartridge .
carrie fishers death reveals confusion over heart attacks vs cardiac arrest and treatment with defibrillation .
countering trump , bipartisan voices strongly affirm findings on russian hacking .
check out this article ! not ' locker room ' talk athletes push back against trump 's remark article posted at .
one of the most read pieces of 2016 we go to great lengths to avoid it . and yet we marry the wrong person .
quakes strand thousands in new zealand #usefulupdates check it out here .
fort lauderdale airport 5 dead , shooting suspect had gun in checked bag via .
on the water , and into the wild via nytimestravel .
chelsea clinton reportedly being groomed for congressional run if not convicted in clinton corruption | .
terry branstad , #iowa governor , is trumps pick as #china ambassador .
does this surprise anyone ? wells fargo ceo john stumpf to step down , effective immediately .
fbiclapper back cia 's view that russia intervened to help trump win , wapo reporting .
this is a political witch hunt donald trump said the focus on russian involvement in hacking the 201 .
un official accuses burma of ethnic cleansing of rohingya .
jill stein 's recount in pennsylvania is not going to happen , meaning the election is really over now and trump won .
geun-hye , embattled south korean president , says shes willing to resign via nyt th .
check out '' work . walk 5 minutes .
lol wut & gt ; & gt ; pence answers body image question with terror .
chicago records 762 homicides in 2016 , up 57 % from 2015 . in a city with some of america 's strict gun control laws .
see you jan 28 50 yrs ago truman capote hosted the best party ever .
self-dealing , much , trump family ? trump paid $ 2.9 million to family-owned businesses .
rip om puri , veteran actor of over 200 films .
gwen ifill was an award-winning journalist for @nbc , @pbs and @nytimes who moderated vp and primary debates .
at least 110 republican leaders wont vote for donald trump . heres when they reached their breaking point .
this is why trump is scary . his son says david duke deserves a bullet . duke 's racist , but no one should be murdered .
8 killed , 40 wounded in chicago weekend shootings 40 .
nc governor pat mccrory concedes election .
election was so close , comey irrefutably caused loss clinton blames f.b.i. director for election loss .
i scored 227 on the slate friday news quiz !
myanmar wants ethnic cleansing of rohingya un official myanmar wants to rid the country of its muslim minority .
bowe bergdahl as obama for a pardon to avoid desertion charges .
quote from trump 's speech to his supporters recently you people were vicious .
conway 's spouse on trump short list george conway , the husband of president-elect donald trump 's campaign manager .
love the art on the new 2nd ave subway .
megyn kelly , vs . newt gingrich , keeps her cool has the republican feminist awakening begun ?
retweeted bbc breaking news confirms its missing #schiaparelli mars probe crashed into .
nc gop 's power grab to limit democratic governor north carolina republicans narrowly lost the state 's governo .
ttump election is not remotely a mandate . hillary clinton 's lead in popular vote nears 2 million @cnnpolitics .
tortured animal finds peace after life of imprisonment killer whale at center of ' blackfish ' dies .
obama admin could end her suffering tomorrow chelsea manning tried committing suicide a second time in october .
mother found alive cops woman was abducted while jogging via the @foxnews app .
this is your daily reminder that donald trump has been accused of raping a 13-year-old girl and its going to court .
for those in their 20 's looking for travel ideas .
us intelligence has identified the go-betweens the russians used to provide stolen emails to wikileaks , according to us officials familiar with the classified intelligence report that was presented to president barack obama on thursday . '' property .
fascinating read on security certificates and how a 2011 hack changed the internet 's landscape .
french vc firm , @alvencap raises $ 261m to invest in #frenchentrepreneurs .
i scored 510 on the slate friday news quiz !
cnn trump at ia rally we 're not going to be the stupid people anymore . from now on it 's going to be america .
who is performing at donald trump 's inauguration and who is n't ? president-elect donald trump has for decades .
std rates reach record high in united states . fucking n sucking .
both #slu or #twitter websites down yesterday in #stl . hackers used new weapons to disrupt major websites .
camp says race if over for president and they 're now looking to the senate races in red states .
michael moore in trumpland isnt about donald trump '' by neil genzlinger via nyt .
angela merkel is the now the sole defender of liberalism in west , after trump 's victory .
retweeted imani gandied yams do you have information about abortions trump may .
donald trump says he will end energy regulations to support a dying industry because his supporters ca n't adapt .
afghan girl in 1985 national geographic photo is arrested in pakistan .
tech news facebook helped drive a voter registration surge , election officials say .
yeah , ok ohio state university suspect killed , 10 hospitalized after attack @cnn .
wake county is especially important this election early voting data suggests clinton lags in nc #vote @cnnpolitics .
9 dead after truck plows into crowded christmas market in berlin via the @foxnews android app .
nuff said conway man who shouted ' jew-s-a ' is ' deplorable .
space age american hero john glenn dies at 95 #legacyliveson #nnbcelebratesamerica #first2orbitearth @nytimes .
police name pentonville fugitives as james whitlock and matthew baker .
senate foreign relations chairman #bobcorker a #republican from #tn to launch investigation of #russia 'n hacking d .
on the trail with gary johnson .
at new york citys only high-volume kitten nursery .
trump now suggesting we just cancel the election and appoint him chancellor .
this is insane trump 's sons involved in interviewing , vetting cabinet candidates .
lady tecniq news iraqi troops enter mosul iraqi forces have entered isis-held mosul for the first time in mor .
exercise may be an effective treatment for depression and might even help prevent depression in the first place .
a running list of donald trump 's accusers . expect it to grow .
nyt media donald trump threatens to sue the times over article on unwanted advances .
a guide to statements made by trump that are at odds with the us constitution .
bob dylans silence on nobel prize is called impolite and arrogant by academy member he is who he is .
we spoke about this . veteran indian actor dies aged 66 .
when hillary rodham took to the road .
jill stein to escalate pa recount . thx for not backing down !
#youtube has changed its comment system , creators will now have more control . check it out .
oprah says she has ' hope ' for america now you can leave good by .
nonprofits opposed to drumpfs ideology see a surge in donations .
indian point nuclear power plant to close by 2021 . so long #nuclear power in us northeast thanks to marcellus gas .
former apple employees blend their old employers high quality standards with less paranoia & amp ; more openness .
how hillary clinton spent the morning after her concession #usefulupdates check it out here .
cdc idenitifies cases of drug-resistant fungal infection . action needs to be taken to stop the threat .
audience members walk out on amy schumer after trump criticisms i guess next time she should be more funny .
google #ai translation may have invented secret internal .
japan recalls diplomats over ' comfort woman ' statue in s .
reina nightclub attack ' leaves 35 dead ' , 40 wounded in nye crlebration .
everything you need to know about trump 's education secretary in one horrifying chart .
world series game 7 will cubs or indians break their curse ?
second life ' for indian baby girl left on the streets to die - bbc news .
with raymond #madrid emails warrant no new action against h .
thank you for doing what we could n't do , austria . austrians appear to reject far-right candidate for president .
high in tower , drumpf reads , tweets and plans .
earths ' human population soars frm 1000 's to 7 billion .
trump keeps an eye on melania as she votes .
the pill that could make your dog live longer @cnn .
republican north carolina gov. pat mccrory conceded his bid for reelection to democrat attorney general roy cooper on monday , pledging to help with transition efforts after nearly a month of demanding a recount . '' property .
unveils first consumer #ar / #vr glasses , built on qualcomms snapdragon 835chip .
times critics top books of 2016 #african american authors #african american books #black book store .
fbi discovered clinton-related emails weeks ago @cnnpolitics pretty contradictory reporting from @cnn .
syrian pro-government forces are entering homes in eastern aleppo and killing civilians , the un says .
looking forward to trying microsoft 's big-screen surface studio .
grubhub tells pro-trump #employees to resign-and the #discrimination #lawsuit to come will be funny .
united airlines says you do n't need overhead luggage unless you want to pay extra .
conway deflects on trump camp 's claims of assassination attempt '' property .
when a tweet can be considered assault .
a time for refusal on the need to name and the duty to resist .
unacceptable - @abc news team staged crime-scene shot , photograph shows .
the internet law that explains why 2016 was so terrible .
one of my wild thoughts about nyc 's subway . woman thrown in front of subway train is killed , police say .
lock her up ? maybe not so much , giuliani and christie say @cnnpolitics these 2 liars and crooks must leave hillary .
charlotte officer justified in fatal shooting of keith scott .
latest news update from luisa florez . a majority agreed she was raped by a stanford football player . that wasnt e .
ranch owner asked chef to make ' black people food , lawsuit claims another mewling '' victim '' looking for a payday .
kellyanne conway lands top wh job in trump administration @bgoochy this is just ridiculous .
jury finds @rollingstone liable for defamation over discredited story about gang rape at @uva .
2 iowa police officers killed , manhunt on for white christian terrorist @cnn .
a good profile of steven mnuchin , trump 's pick for treasury secretary .
this google pixel review is the very definition of a grudging endorsement .
cnn top stories gold-plated trump iphones for super rich .
hollande of france says he will not run for re-election thought it was weird how a ' socialist ' could invade mali .
thank you , donald trump for bringing the realities of what #women face every day to the surface @susanchira .
tx electoral voter explains his reason for not voting for trump and likely why others should follow suit .
your urologist is probably a republican , your psychiatrist and pediatrician is probably a democrat .
hillary clinton to join recount that trump calls ' scam ' what happened to ' accept the result ' she 'll be president .
obama bars states denying federal money to planned parenthood obama saving america before trump .
nevada judge denies trump lawyers moronic request ; dumbfounded by the trump campaign 's idiocy @cnnpolitics .
we 're tracking hoaxes , fake news and other election misinformation new york times .
in a gesture of goodwill to the citys burgeoning sikh population , the new york city police department will soon allow officers who are members of the religion to wear blue turbans and beards while on duty .
ryan : ` we are not planning on erecting a deportation force ' '' property .
call congress members ! no christmas break for them , va hospital left deceased veteran in shower room .
obama asks republicans y they werent appalled earlier when trump was saying degrading things about women -lsb- cuz corrup .
i can be smart & challenging while i wear spaghetti straps & everyone just has 2 get their heads around that @megynkelly .
politics thrives in dc despite promises made on the campaign trail the editorial board @nytimes .
but who knows what trump 's policies towards china will be .
hikes fuel @realdonaldtrump , gop case in key .
#kuri is like an #amazon #echo designed by #pixar @jeffbezos .
giulianis business ties viewed as red flag for secretary of state job still some stinky stuff in the swamp .
truck plows into berlin christmas market . at least 9 dead , 50 injured .
in white house meeting , president-elect trump calls obama ' very good man .
us men 's toilets to get baby facilities .
new website names nearly 200 professors who it says ' advance a radical agenda in lecture halls .
a man is removed from a flight after allegedly harassing ivanka trump and jared kushner .
ooh , now i want engish to have clicks , too ! which language uses the most sounds ?
a tennessee woman accused of trying to abort her fetus with a coat hanger last year is facing felony charges .
police confirm azusa shooter was a man found dead inside home .
indiana mayor running for d.n.c. chairman what about brown people and women not important ?
be wary of cheaper options when it comes to adding cameras to your home . this camera took 98 seconds to be infected .
what could happen to birth control under trump ?
novellist rachel kushner , on the shuafat refugee camp in east jerusalem .
over gov scott 's objections , judge extends florida voter registration deadline until october 18 .
are saunas good for the brain ? alzheimer 's disease , saunas and sweat lodges , dementia .
earthquake strikes central italy a powerful earthquake with a magnitude of 6.6 struck cent . by luis alejandre .
georgia security force is one of scores of extremist militias nationwide that have rallied around donald j .
intel laying off major portion of wearables group .
if you remember vietnam , the news gave false death stats daily . us says 75 % of isis fighters killed @cnnpolitics .
barry healy solicitors veteran broadcaster sir jimmy young dies ag .
idiot ceo asks employees who voted for trump to resign .
check out this article ! push to delay speaker election puts ryan in political jam article posted at .
inspirational to read the incredible work of the 21 recipients of presidential medals of freedom . kudos to @potus .
wikileaks releases purported transcripts of clinton 's goldman sachs speeches @cnnpolitics .
terror attacks in developed world surge 650 % in one year #usefulupdates check it out here .
dentist may have exposed 600 patients to #hepatitisc #hiv #hepatitisb by not sterilizing equipment .
andy murray becomes officially british after raonic withdraws from paris masters .
when i stepped off the bus i found a war zone '' terrific/terrifying @abarnardnyt read from gov ` t-held side of aleppo .
i 'm beginning to think this is just who trump is . trump inspected each woman before pageant .
we had no idea that our actions would be interpreted as racist said one perpetrator .
why does education translate to less support for donald trump ? this makes sense .
rural party and urban party and the rural won ahhhh bib worry .
early voting shows trump ahead in key battleground states .
trump isnt rewarding a lot of loyalists with cabinet jobs . heres why .
moving ahead with missile program that violates #inf treaty .
trump to accept inauguration funds from corporations & amp ; big donors . so much for .
david duke ' deserves a bullet ' that 's funny america believes #trump deserves the same .
reuters finds lead levels higher than flints in thousands of u.s. locales .
wikileaks releases transcripts of clintons goldman sachs speeches .
acquires grohmann engineering to help '' build machines that build machines . enhance productivity .
wow , fbi director james comey likely has violated the hatch act . amp ; now this .
2016 senate election forecast the new york times .
how trump won a county in kentucky that has never voted republican in it 's entire 144 year history .
how the scientist who founded the science of mistakes ended up mistaken . kahneman and replication '' crisis .
fake us embassy in ghana shut down prob safer than real us embassy , fewer coups .
obama on trump tape : ` that 's not right ' '' property .
tim cook on why he met with president elect trump check it out here .
social security checks cut for 173,000 americans because of unpaid student loans .
interesting graphic illustrating the '' winds of change how trump reshaped the election map .
the #trump tape does n't matter @melrobbins is right .
trump disrupts china relations with taiwan call , speaks with taiwans leader , an affront to china via new york times .
how the scientist who founded the science of mistakes ended up mistaken reviews the undoing project .
thank you @realdonaldtrump & amp ; america for standing up to corruption ! fbi reopens investigation into clinton email .
politicians do n't seem to care how bad they look north carolina g.o.p. moves to curb power of democratic governor .
mobile internet use passes desktop for the first time time to make sure your mobile site is performing well !
what a photo / russian ambassador to turkey is assassinated in ankara .
for the first time , women are telling their husbands & amp ; boyfriends about . she never spoke of it to her husband .
moore calls for civil disobedience , disruption of trump 's inauguration moore should be arrested for sedition .
is he saying '' big league '' or '' bigly '' ? the scientists answer .
a lorry ploughs into a christmas market in the heart of berlin , killing 12 people .
is this how you want to be remembered ? kennedynation grills #jillstein on recount effort .
i owe a debt to my children to leave them a nation they can trust . elector explains why he wo n't vote for trump .
romania is giving me life ! the potential for first female , first muslim , prime minister .
donald trump blasts recount as ' ridiculous ' and ' a scam ' @realdonaldtrump classic case of projection .
trump says he 'll end energy regs . fits with his new environmental '' protection '' agency appointment .
officers surprise bullied boy with birthday party of his dreams @cnn what a thought .
police believe attack after truck plows into crowded christmas market in berl @foxnews wow . police treat it as terror .
assisted suicide , really . gt ; & gt ; vine 's dead . is twitter next ?
i was told to leave college class because i attended in-uniform .
poll conducted by fox news majority believed that russian hacking had no effect on trump 's victory .
je le veeeeuuux ! boost teaches kids how to bring blocks to life with code .
macy 's to cut 10,000 jobs after poor time period assets .
birth control linked to depression taking hormonal birth control might be associated with depression .
videos of '' non-conventional '' sex to be banned . wonder if that includes doggy position ?
fox news poll shows russian hacking claim did n't make a difference .
apples tim cook assures employees that it is committed to the mac and that great desktops .
conway touts trump 's ' drain the swamp @cnnpolitics takes his whine speech to gettysburg , same old .
historia del da pearl jam and tupac shakur lead nominees for rock hall of fame .
actress carrie fisher is in critical condition after a cardiac episode . hoping she recovers .
nancy pelosi beats back house democratic leadership challenge by emmarie huetteman ms. p .
white supremacy euphemism generator for journalists & gt ; & gt .
self driving cars causing reduction in accidents , will exacerbate organ donation shortages .
richard adams , author of watership down , has died at 96 . he affected so many young lives , most certainly mine .
how the internet is loosening our grip on the truth the new york times .
paul beattys '' the sellout '' won the man booker prize , a first for an american writer .
george michael , pop superstar , has died at 53 this christmas i have you my heart .
what hope @fotus is talking abt ? college profs make 50k . we are feeling what not having hope feels like .
in american democracy . now has over 2 million more votes than donald trump .
ratings plummet , nfl considers reducing ads & amp ; length of games nfl-an institution , murdered by ignorant player $ - noblm .
whats going on kanye west calls out beyonc and praises trump in onstage tirade .
thanksgiving day football game shooting leaves 2 dead in kentucky .
wrote a score to trump stalking clinton at the latest debate . and its fantastic .
52 places to go in 2017 guess what number 34 is ! 52 places to go in 2017 .
us news @cnn heartbeat ' abortion bill approved ohio state lawmakers have passed a controversial .
keep the electoral college . time to end the electoral college .
russia should be investigated republican lindsey graham and punished . investigate russia @cnnpolitics .
the justice department seeks approval to search clinton aide huma abedin 's newly discovered emails .
four more charged in flint water crisis the ag is not playing .
grandson of rep. danny davis shot to death in chicago @cnnpolitics when anyone can get guns , this happens .
protecting @realdonaldtrump costs #newyork city more than $ 1 million a day .
or the worst voters in history . clinton will win but congress wo n't work with her .
rest in peace heart-breaking bay areatragedy at least 9 are dead after fire at warehouse party in oakland rip .
show us the money . asking congress , not mexico , for $ for wall @cnnpolitics .
at & t is said to be in advanced merger talks with time warner new business model @esca_em .
mosquito army released in zika fight in brazil & amp ; amp ; colombia .
why wouldnt facebook let me post death threats i receive from trump supporters ?
loved the book richard adams , whose novel watership down became a phenomenon , dies at 96 .
net #migration levels have stayed at a record high according to the .
stripe raises another $ 150m at a $ 9bn valuation .
snoop dogg slams c . kaepernick for castro praise , says choose between football , revolution via the @foxnews app .
man who shouted ' jew-s-a ' is ' deplorable ' @kellyannepolls but trump was fine with it was n't he .
great news for raises $ 261 million fund to invest in frenchentrepreneurs .
thousands #islamist march #indonesia demand #christian governor be jailed for blasphemy .
obama blames dem losses on ' fox news in every bar and restaurant is he blaming crooked media ?
this should be required reading in high schools / why does education translate to less support for donald trump ?
so sad to hear this . joe mcknight , former nfl player , killed in terrytown shooting .
guide to getting a bachelors abroad by paul hockenos via nyt .
clrearly no conflict of interest . trump family and businesses were paid $ 12.5 million during campaign #cnn #msnbc http .
this is patriotism in the face of cowardice @kaepernick7 the day a college football player stood alone to honor .
will this work ? as ratings plummet , n.f.l. considers reducing ads and length of games .
fascinating , from the new york times opening jesus 's tomb ?
president obama campaigns for clinton in ohio .
@andy_murray will become world number one . milos raonic has withdrawn from the .
i scored 459 on the slate friday news quiz !
mayor says chicago will ' always be a sanctuary city i wonder how many of chicagos gang members are illegals ?
new zealand 's prime minister john key announces his surprise resignation .
a great way to start the new year . a month without sugar .
how #hiphop turned on #trump and settled for #clinton2016 @cnnpolitics .
trumps son-in-law jared kushner talks of a trump tv network media deal maker16m suckers i have .
clinton 's ' deplorable ' comment could have alienated voters @dianehessan @linda_ pizzuti @marjoriepritch .
do n't tell them ! gt ; cia reportedly plans to launch a cyberattack against russia .
mrs. clintons former landlord , now 97 , recounts a road trip taken 42 years ago that offers a glimpse into the candidate the public seldom sees .
hail our people ! trump will not disavow this group .
kellyanne conway to be counselor to president-elect trump .
hundreds flock to susan b . anthony 's grave on #electionday to honor her fight for women 's #suffrage @cnnpolitics .
deluged immigration courts , where cases stall for years , begin to buckle due to obama incompetence .
pardons are bullshit for men who did nothing wrong convicted for being gay . 42 yrs later , he wants an apology .
trump then and now : his changes since election day '' property .
us veterans join north dakota protests . this is corporate bullying !
this story has legs rockettes forced to perform at trump inaugural ? bosses deny @cnnpolitics sad and shameful .
us veterans join north dakota protests us military veterans will protest alongsi .
an unprecedented assault on democracy is underway in north carolina .
@hillaryclinton will agree to a drug test only if you take an iq test .
retweeted drudge report wikileaks claims sham firm with clinton ties trying to smear .
everest 's first woman climber junko tabei dies at 77 bbc news .
christie vetoes bill that would 've banned solitary confinement for pregnant women , children , & amp ; mentally ill people .
im surprised that everybody keeps calling this a comic novel . congrats to paul beatty , man booker prize winner !
history repeats carter & amp ; regan ! go vote trump early voting suggests tight race in key states despite clinton | .
self-driving cars will exacerbate organ shortages by via .
for a guy who does n't like to talk much , he has a lot to say about #msft . bill belichick throws in the tablet .
thoughts are with those impacted by this in berlin . lorry kills nine at christmas market .
congratulations to @jeffreygoldberg , just named editor in chief at the atlantic . pl do n't stop writing - or tweeting .
but #trump said the economy was in terrible shape ! another trump lie obama 's gift to trump a ' pretty solid ' economy .
still ca n't take responsibility . clinton tells fundraisers fbi comey letter sank presidential bid @foxnews app .
man coughed and heaved for 13 minutes during execution i could axe their heads off 4u . that much i care 4 their pain .
i 'm with @berniesanders #dnc chair should be @keithellison .
hillary clinton is joining jill stein 's #recount2016 .
top story from techcrunch twitter finally stops counting usernames against rep .
the navy made a pink jet , so .
at & t reaches deal to buy time warner for more than $ 80 billion .
alt-right ' splinters as supporters & amp ; critics agree it was white supremacy all along-important read by @mattdpearce .
trump summons tv figures for private meeting , and lets them have it they have no shame , chasing ratings , 4th estate , wow .
israel pm questioned in corruption probe via cnnbrk cnn retweet .
the top fiction and nonfiction books of 2016 !
she mansplained him . how hillary clinton flipped the script . debate analysis with @mikiebarb .
it was the russians ; take it from the donald himself . gt ; trump said in 2014 that russian hacking was a ' big problem .
heres facebooks plan to crack down on fake news .
definitive guide to cord-cutting in 2016 by viewing habits movie buff , sports addict , premium shows .
time to boycott paypal . peter thiel donating $ 1.25 million to donald trump 's campaign .
i scored 382 on the slate friday news quiz !
by my #followers #rt would you let an algorithm choose the nex .
check this out in the media pen at a trump rally .
facebook officially announces gameroom , its pc steam competitor .
i scored 396 on the slate friday news quiz !
keeping britain safer ' mosul battle eu ' should prepare for returning jihadists .
the life and example of gwen ifill thank you mr. brooks .
i scored 495 on the slate friday news quiz !
you had to know that he was a legal and ethical nightmare . conflicts of interest facing the #trump presidency .
how did walmart get cleaner stores + higher sales ? revisting the employee model pay , training and more .
6 books to help understand trumps win get to know each other !
2b9483e0 two quakes rock italy within hours a 5.4 magnitude earthquake hit central .
this is great news world 's largest marine protected area declared in .
carson accepts nomination for secretary of hud .
dt is an idiot ! nobody really knows ' if climate change is real .
i scored 371 on the slate friday news quiz !
sometimes a slope really is slippery proposed dutch law would allow assisted suicide for healthy older people .
full of yourself mr. musk ? musk on tesla network its not tesla vs . uber , its the people vs .
silicon valley 's reaction to a trump presidency was grim . the horror , the horror .
latest news update from luisa florez . obama moves to block chinese acquisition of a german chip maker .
wikileaks says founder , julian assange 's internet link was severed .
says no need for apology after @hamiltonmusical jeers , lecture .
settles trump university lawsuits . i never settle . i never settle !
leo 's top story reuters finds lead levels higher than flints in thousands of .
trump , after canceling , attends new york times meeting how jumpy of him .
pioneering woman chinese fighter pilot yu xu killed in an accident , according to . by #cnnbrk via .
melania trump reportedly worked illegally in the united states . imagine what 's hidden in .
the bush-era muslim registry failed . yet the us could be trying it again '' property .
this is the story of how an iphone made in china can end up in your hands .
facebook gets into audio , starting with the bbc .
a complete and updated list of the nine sexual assault allegations against @realdonaldtrump .
drain the swamp , he said . trump to accept inauguration funds from corporations and big donors .
donald trump settles trump university lawsuits he 's nothing but a con man !
damn , this drone photography tho . living in chinas expanding deserts .
co2 levels mark ' new era ' in the world 's help us take action .
trump 's '' great '' america why should we care ?
we dont want to admit children die ; our avoidance is hurting even more .
attackers open fire at nightclub in istanbul , killing 35 .
clinton or trump who does hip-hop back ?
in key israel vote , clearing way for condemnation of settlements via the @foxnews android app .
trumps victory , on front pages worldwide newspapers across the globe scrambled to create front pages befitti .
son of trump threatens to murder someone . worse than dad ! david duke ' deserves a bullet .
new york times most viewed stories being american in the trump years .
20 #places you should #travel to in your 20 's ! which one 's your favorite ?
here 's your daily reminder that trump hates this photo , so please do n't use it !
donald trump and the steadying influence of his son in-law jared kushner .
trump turns to ultrawealthy conservatives . wilbur '' king of bankruptcy '' ross , billionaire investor pick .
i scored 378 on the slate friday news quiz !
what makes a new york city kid ? as a former nyc kid , i found this interesting @drfollins1 .
the big league prospect who became a mob hit man by dan barry via nyt the big league pro .
new york times most viewed stories vesna vulovic , flight attendant who survived jetliner blast , dies at 66 .
retweeted fox news to women voters not the man we heard on .
leak reveals rex tillerson #trex is director of bahamas-based us-russian oil company we must stop these devils how ?
i scored 443 on the slate friday news quiz !
after the deaths of these 10 notable people , the new york times photographed their private spaces as they left them htt .
the last paragraph in this article is ' frozen woman ' turns out to be mannequin .
kristin anderson says trump reached under her skirt and groped her in early 1990s .
misreported income as gross revenue , negative cash flow at 2 premier #trump properties .
documents suggest trump 's income is n't what he says it is .
36 hours in toronto toronto is the best !
donald trump is picking his cabinet . heres a shortlist . rudy guiliani to #maga see c-span wsj interview 10-15-16 .
at least 73 people killed & amp ; more than 110 wounded in fuel truck explosion in #mozambique government officials say http .
trump picks china critic peter navarro to head new trade post .
yes , that 's zombie baby monitors taking your favorite sites offline hackers use new weapons to disrupt major sites .
trump says his conflicts of interest were priced into the vote #justsaying kanye , would you hold a spot for donald .
according to three new studies , exercise may be an effective treatment for depression .
i think we should close our pay pal accounts ! thiel donating $ 1.25 million to donald trump 's campaign .
yes , he did . trump called for a ban on muslims entering the country and a national registry of those already here .
well build safe zones in #syria , so people will have a chance .
as dull & amp ; crooked as her mom ! chelsea clinton reportedly being groomed for congressional run via the @foxnews app .
george michael , pop superstar , is dead at 53 .
middle east news now ! by @nassramethod saudis to probe deadly air strikes on ye .
who can not love the @nytimes response to trump 's lawyers .
aba wo n't publish report calling trump a libel bully .
michael moore 's ' october surprise new anti-trump , pro-hillary film / wonder what this is ?
why is this guy still here ? we are not planning on erecting a deportation force .
did n't i tell y' all all the kardashians probably voted for trump !
ford to scrap mexico plant , invest in michigan ; ceo cites @realdonaldtrump job policies .
jump for joy ! president obama just banned drilling in huge swaths of the atlantic & amp ; arctic .
goptrump where are you ? macy 's is closing 68 stores , cutting 10,000 jobs .
a powerful 6.6 - magnitude earthquake rocked central italy on sunday morning , according to the us geological .
donald trump settles trump university lawsuits . trump 's complete turnaround from earlier position .
in canada , a direct link between fracking and earthquakes #science via nytimes .
white men-dangerous-lock them up ! 3 held in bomb plot against somalis in kansas .
publishes draft guide for how tech can achieve ethical aidesign , by @riptari .
the lv review-journal has become a joke since adelson bought it trump gets first major endorsement in las vegas .
more evidence that trump did n't win voters as much as democrats lost them , especially in the rust belt .
by participating in this recount nonsense , did @hillaryclinton squander her get out of free jail card !
nostalgia for the grace of george h.w. bush .
your moral choice or president clinton ? is self-cancelling glenn .
politicians , you do n't need to reference your daughters and wives in calling out trump as a misogynist creep .
this is rich trump picks elaine chao for transportation secretary .
this paints an incredibly dire picture of america in poll , voters express disgust in u.s. politics .
california hires former ag @ericholder as '' legal bulwark '' against trump administration .
weighing the benefits of offering paid sick leave .
hillary clinton now leads by over two million votes nationwide .
new research helps explain 2.3 million gallon #molasses spill that killed 21 , injured scores in #boston in 1919 .
putin ordered an '' influence campaign '' to '' denigrate '' hillary clinton and develop '' a clear preference for trump .
there is a petition on the white house website to name the next u.s. navy ship the '' uss the deplorables '' .
senate republicans and soon-to-be president trump , fix this mess , says the nyt . the stolen supreme court seat .
is this how you want to be remembered ? as a scum bag ! kennedy grills stein on recount .
rep. wants to cut funding for schools coddling students over trump .
peters and maggie haberman october 18 , 2016 at 10:23 pm at previous debates , melania trump and bill clint .
an #icymi how #bigbanks are putting #rainforests in peril .
springsteen questions trump 's competence for office , never been more afraid so hrc is better .
state department says it has not heard from anyone on president-elect trump 's transition team .
ny times newtop story the most-read stories of 2016 .
it 's almost like they learned the lessons of history . austrians appear to reject far-right candidate for president .
i scored 337 on the slate friday news quiz ! it was rigged , believe me .
ally reportedly helped fund campaign of key fbi officials wife never ending story .
what the hell have you done ? this man 's logic is & lt ; my 7th graders . trumps new york times interview .
the candidates vs . donald trump vs . hillary clinton , amendment by amendment .
watch earth 's human population soar 200,000 yrs to reach 1 billion & amp ; only 200 to reach 7 billion .
george michael dies ; heart failure suspected .
twitter adds new ways to curb hate speech .
leia no #papoinformivoro & gt ; vladimir putin wont expel u.s. diplomats as russian .
black turnout falls in early voting , boding 3 for hillary clinton .
red #wine hot chocolate is a thing , and its delish .
to-do list for next prez . small factories emerge as weapon in fight against poverty .
colombia and rebels sign new peace deal , this time skipping voters via nyt the new york times .
the real cost of giving birth $ 40 to hold my newborn baby i can only anticipate @jacquegrcm @jennythem view on this htt .
nuff said conway man who shouted ' jew-s-a ' is ' deplorable .
i knew it ! proves it is officially gross to let your #dog lick your face .
my tweeted times top russia requires apple and google to remove linkedin from .
oliver hart and bengt holmstrom win nobel in economics for work on contracts the professors were recog .
russias sports doping program laid bare by extensive evidence in wada report .
drop off payback check ? says he might meet with putin before inauguration .
battle for forces inflict ' heavy losses ' on .
watch episodes of trust disrupted and the .
soul singer sharon jones dead at 60 via cnnbrk cnn retweet .
i 'm with & gt ; @berniesanders . the next #dnc chair should be & gt ; @keithellison add your name if you agree .
how trump reshaped the election map . another great visualization .
the stolen supreme court seat what a bunch of bunk !
top story russia requires apple and google to remove linkedin from .
former cia official on flynn as national security advisor im watching a clown show !
politics | hillary clinton blames fbi director for election loss new york times .
42 states shifted to the right in 2016 the new york times .
unemployment drops to 4.6 % , lowest since 2007 . pls tell me cnn did not just credit trump with this !
astronomers unveil incredibly detailed new map of the milky way .
vemma drink 500,000 elderly people go missing in china every year .
i scored 363 on the slate friday news quiz !
2016 : the year sport refused to stop - bbc news .
a hot souvenir from cuba for some americans and hopefully some canadians a cancer vaccine .
176,000 gallons leaked into nd creek & amp ; hillside , 150 mi from dakota access protest .
over the next decade , a full repeal of obamacare will cost $ 350 billion .
after almost a century , the 2nd avenue subway is oh-so-close to arriving .
but does he like #tacos ? new york times names a.g. sulzberger deputy publisher .
columbia , harvard & amp ; now princeton suspend team over '' vulgar , offensive , misogynistic & amp ; racist '' material .
google and facebook have banned fake news sites from using their advertising services .
john kelly , retired marine general , is trumps choice to lead homela see more htt .
from the dept of second order effects self-driving cars will make organ shortages even worse .
what this presidential election has cost america 's brand .
retweeted cnn breaking news bakersfield , ca police officer fatally shoots man , 73 , whose family said .
the new york times inside a fake news factory this is all about income this is exactly how @realdonaldtrump won .
this is comical trump threatens to sue the nyt over article on unwanted advances .
rose evansky , inventor of blow-dry styling , dies at 94 .
home robot kuri is like pixar 's amazon echo .
youtube stars say they were removed from delta flight for speaking arabic via nyt the new york times .
on the water , and into the wild i went on an outward bound in 1978 in the region .
a singers journey from solitary confinement to the @metopera the new york times .
according to #gop rules , #trump '' would have 2 die or become incapacitated for the #republican party to replace him .
russian officials were in contact with trump diplomat says this is 1 reason why #notmypresident he says no liar .
air conditioning company carrier corp . says it has reached a deal with president-elect donald trump to keep .
how did #walmart get cleaner stores and higher sales ? it paid people more interesting '' efficiency wage '' experiment .
republicans fault as always deluged immigration courts , where cases stall for years , begin to buckle .
to donate $ 1.25 million in support of donald trump the new york times .
gorgeous interactive story on china 's expanding deserts .
trump insists election rigged , calls for drug test , screening for ear pieces for him , clinton before debate .
what it was like as the black journalist who covered donald trump by abc 's @candacesmith_ .
the candy hierarchy halloween 's best and worst treats / @boingboing .
just in : trump campaign will appeal district court order against voter intimidation-related actions to the 6th circuit .
engadget mobile news 2016 was a hard year to be an apple fan .
trump talks of the suffering of syrian people under obama 's war it 's so sad and building safe zones '' to help .
retweeted drudge report columbia suspends wrestling team over lewd , racist .
chicago cubs win major league baseball 's world series after 108 years , ending the game 's longest title drought .
how trump -- and education secretary betsy devos -- could gut public education .
i just ca n't he 'd rather go back to paper ! belichick is done using the nfls microsoft surface .
white house donates obama daughters ' swing set via jusswaggtv .
cnnbrk 73-year-old rocker mick jagger welcomes his eighth child .
made in #britain pesticide prohibited in #eu , but sold to the #us .
mcauliffe deep ties to #hillaryclinton aided campaign of fbi official 's wife !
the new @google #photoscan app makes it easy to digitise old prints .
check out a teaser for episode 2 of #trustdisrupted , our new show about the blockchain .
the lunatic fringe is mainstreamed . trumps extremist supporters feel like winners either way , '' and they have .
the nephew of anis amri , the man suspected of being responsible for the attack on a berlin christmas market , has been arrested in tunisia , officials said . '' property .
top story of the day ! vladimir putin wont expel u.s. diplomats as russian fore .
latest upshot poll shows trump with a lead in florida .
travelgov '' #japan #tsunami warning - those in regions under tsunami warning should evacuate to safer place such .
chelsea manning tried committing suicide a second time in october video was not classified , army lost , reuters got it .
@bradhoylman is trying to force trump to release tax returns .
associatedpress is your area down to one insurer next year ? ap reporter ralonso-zald .
thereby admits guilt bowe bergdahl , facing desertion trial , asks obama for pardon .
nc has been illegally purging black voters from the rolls . today , the justice dept . and federal courts say no more .
december 11 , 2016 at 09:11 pm trump nobody really knows ' if climate change is real .
resist trump in 10,000 local movements . to stop trump , learn from the tea party .
well , that did n't take long . house gop votes to gut independent ethics office .
trump loves ny . but it doesnt love him back .
theory that #fbi is out to get clinton ' getting more plausible .
khizr khan gives donald trump lessons in civics .
wow & gt ; obama to completely dismantle visitor registry before trump can revive it as muslim registry .
says #trump has offered him #hud secretary , other #cabinet posts ! #bencarson is exactly who we need !
a new @americancancer report estimates the number of women who die from #cancer will rise 60 % by 2030 .
pat mccrory just released a video officially concedes the gubernatorial race ncpol ncgov .
not now ' madam president ' , not yet .
mike yuhn 's trending newsfeed @mikeyuhn google will display election results as .
clinton and abedin emailing passwords . passwords , schedules flowed freely via the @foxnews app .
scraps #mexico plant , invests $ 700billion in #michigan instead ; ceo cites trump policies .
what a joke that they cancelled the rest of harvards soccer season over calling girls hot or not .
directly and pointedly ' to the nation about #crookedhillary emails .
cnn #worldnews is kim jong un ' the world 's most dangerous man ' ?
i must say i feel nervous for her , '' nyt reviewer says of megyn kelly 's new memoir , settle for more .
he tweets , he posts , he incites . it demeans the presidency . mr. trump , meet the constitution .
#children are having to pay . immigrants who came to u.s. as children fear deportation under trump .
bob dylan wins nobel literature prize way to go bob .
donald trump takes credit for helping to save a ford plant that wasnt closing .
barry healy solicitors us to quit tpp trade deal on first d .
donald trump hates women . it s the one position hes never changed .
google 's photoscan app scans , digitizes & amp ; improves old printed photos .
reuters has found 3,000 areas in the us with water contamination rates far higher than that of flint , mi .
new cremation guidelines for catholics issued .
north carolina legislature fails to repeal ' bathroom bill ' what the actual heck .
george michael , pop superstar , has died at 53 because we need a christmas reminder that 2016 is n't over yet .
police in #berlin now confirming '' 9 dead and many others injured .
the story of 3 generations of cubans . castro lived too long . 1 family 6 decades . views of fidel castros revolution .
on voting for i already voted ' for our nominee .
k-indemand news muslim npr reporter says she was harassed describing what it was like to cover the presidenti .
hairstylists in illinois will be required to have training on recognizing signs of domestic abuse & amp ; sexual assault http .
trump says he 'll sue sexual misconduct accusers this clown can not be a #potus . put him in jail !
trump vows to sue all female accusers as 11th woman steps forward fox headlines sleaze . no integrity faux news .
a chef in orange crocs will prepare obamas last state dinner @juliehdavis .
fake us embassy in ghana issued us visas for more than a decade .
a classy , peaceful hillary supporter has smashed trump 's star on the hollywood walk of fame with a sledgehammer .
contradicted by his property manager . employees have ' tremendous problem ' with obamacare @cnnpolitics .
moar horrible news for #women , probs trump praises putin over response to new us sanctions .
giulianis business ties viewed as red flag for secy of state job he 's a major hypocrite .
we know who gave emails to wikileaks we know who gave emails to wikileaks .
in case you believe systemic racism is no longer a thing black riders wait longer for uber rides , study reveals .
suicide hotline calls surge post-election in the wee hours of november 9 , when the us presidential race approached .
i scored 87 on the slate friday news quiz !
wendy cinnamon and dayle tuna ! bottle-flipping craze is fun for children but torture for parents .
austria 's far-right leader signs cooperation agreement w / putin 's party & amp ; meets trump 's ' national security adviser .
lady tecniq news poll clinton over trump by double-digits hillary clinton has a 12-point lead over donald tr .
great read from @ara4n a #decentralized web would give power back to the people ie the initial #internet dream !
i scored 390 on the slate friday news quiz !
enough of the tweets , chinas state media tells by chris buckley .
i 'm ready to move to mars . black riders wait longer for uber rides , study reveals .
trump transition attempts to counters extremism within state department .
trump seizes on new clinton cash revelations , '' pay-to-play '' charge .
obama and hillary the two heroes of america being american in the trump years .
berlin attack that killed 9 being investigated as act of terror .
stupid people with stupid superstitions . pakistan international airlines goat slaughter mocked .
japans leader , shinzo abe , to visit pearl harbor with obama the new york times .
might be at war b4 inauguration . trump adviser on taiwan call if china does n't like it , screw ' em ' @cnnpolitics http .
trump claims campaign is rigged the fact the dnc stole @sensanders chance to win , proves hrc-media rig elections .
band of berkley students demand spaces free of white people .
donald trump says he 's going to deport 2-3 million people immediately .
china agrees to return drone , ending stand-off with us .
republicans hold governorships , senate and legislatures in 24 states , democrats , 6 .
world series game 7 indians tie cubs in 8th inning .
trump picks priebus as chief of staff & amp ; steve bannon as strategist just as i thought it could n't get worse it has .
china seizes us naval drone in south china sea .
zuckerberg claims 99 % of facebook posts denies fake news ther .
trump 's twitter #debates2016 lead was ' swelled by bots .
muslim rapefugee pipeline fake us embassy in ghana shut down after a decade .
german consortium of research #libraries announce boycott of #elsevier journals over .
coincidence just like everything about little pos & amp ; his family ! snow in sahara desert for the first in 37 yrs .
health insurers outline demands to stay in state marketplaces .
trump is still not very popular , and his problem with women could return the new york times .
fbi obtains warrant needed to start reviewing emails found on huma abedin 's laptop .
as many as 50,000 isis fighters have been killed since the war against the terror group began , a senior us military official told cnn . '' property .
comey memo to fbi staffers , election , timing required disclosure of renewed probe dems will now kick him to curb .
the real problem with power posing isnt the data .
bibi netanyahu makes trump his chump trump has no idea how much he 's being manipulated into helping iran & amp ; isis .
donald trumps love of evita says a lot about his presidency .
la squadra di trump si completa . rex tillerson , exxon mobile chief , is expected to be pick for secretary of state .
over the last 10 yrs almost 200 employees & amp ; contractors of the dept of homeland security took nearly $ 15m in bribes .
nine die during california club night at least nine people die in a fire during a club night in .
usa have presidents not dictators ! trump cant simply strip flag-burners of u.s. citizenship .
trump gets deal to save 1,000 jobs .
bridgegate case verdict former officials guilty on all counts .
a german writer tells how he unearthed a startling fact about the third reich for his best-selling book , blitzed : drugs in nazi germany .
should news outlets ignore clearly untrue tweets rather than amplify falsehoods further ?
charity can not replace the safety net . new study shows why .
baseball world series cubs head home to wrigley after beating indians in game 2 .
california hires holder as legal bulwark against trump maybe he can stir up some riots , cop killings .
hamilton is a play . pence is mike pence , vp-elect of the u.s. le-sigh .
how to raise a son in the age of trump .
dakota access pipeline clashes turn violent police and about 400 people clashed sunday evening as protests over t .
alan thicke , reassuring father on growing pains , dies at 69 check out via nyt the new york times .
fuck you @donlemon @thedemocrats , etc . hate crime charges filed in chicago beating streamed on facebook live .
sarah palin hits trump 's jobs deal with carrier .
@realdonaldtrump was offended by hamilton cast message , @mike_pence was not .
donald trump didnt flip working-class whites .
i scored 349 on the slate friday news quiz !
as ratings plummet , n.f.l. considers reducing ads and length of games allowing ur product 2b used as 4 protest ?
tilikum , the killer whale involved in the deaths of three people , has died .
cnn top #news how ' hero father ' panda pan pan helped to save his species .
warnings in #japan after m 7.4 #earthquake in #fukushima now lifted advisories still in effect .
insane early voting lines a direct result of republican voter suppression i literally can not comp .
russian plane \ ` disappears from radar \ ' near sochi .
bob dylan wins nobel literature prize not before time eh @northcraymal .
congrats @alexabelin and @lqdwifi team ! gt ; #verizon buys lqd to expand #iot strategy 2 smart cities .
bosses deny rockettes forced to perform at trump inaugural the madison square garden .
i am saddened , but not surprised , by the outcome . it is no shock to me that millions of people who voted for mr. .
i scored 399 on the slate friday news quiz !
megyn kelly tells tales out of fox news in her memoir , settle for more day late and a dollar short .
trump continues to court the support of alex jones , who believes the sandy hoook massacre did n't happen .
macy 's to cut 10,000 jobs after disappointing holiday sales .
gt ; & gt ; fox news #us the next move ? after electoral college fail , anti-trump forces l .
on trump vote i already voted for for our nominee .
clinton to join green party 's recount that trump calls ' scam ' @cnnpolitics .
judge suspends rule expanding #overtime for workers .
solomon islands 7.7 earthquake quake prompts tsunami alert .
at least 13 people reported dead in california tour bus , semi-truck crash .
latest from cnn house moves to fine members for violating decorum rules .
teach kids to code with lego bricks !
measure to speed up the death penalty leads , while bid to end it fails los angeles times .
continues to endear-for halloween ill dress as me because i look just like me . the kenneth bone effect .
elizabeth warren says donald trump ' selfish little sleaze ball ' .
got ta admit i loled . | danny elfman creepily scores a video compiling footage of trump lurking behind hillary clinton .
us news @cnn it would be hypocritical of me to vote .
about time @potus spoke up here obama says alternate routes are being reviewed for .
but lets talk more about emails .
transition teams request on gender equality rattles state dept .
listen to bob dylans many influences the new york times .
nominate your choice for best technology in the 10th annual #crunchies awards .
good thing climate change is just a hoax , huh ? massive iceberg size of delaware to break off of antarctica @cnn .
another icon leaves us for #davidbowie 's alt world . pan pan , father to a generation of pandas , dies .
in charge of the train kushner at the center of trump transition ' infighting , ' sources say .
hopefully this is n't a rose by any other name we 're not planning on erecting a deportation force .
the electoral college is doing what it was literally designed to do amplify white votes . we can abolish it .
german police about suspect in german christmas attack we have the wrong man .
i scored 584 on the slate friday news quiz !
how much would you pay for a bottle of fresh air ?
eurohealthnet top story a new era of internet attacks powered by every .
blame funeral hall bombing in #yemen on mistake - killing140 people is #warcrime not a mistake !
john kasich votes for john mccain instead of trump .
fomaworld grace hopper and margaret hamilton awarded presidential med .
maybe the country needs trump to show ' authoritarian power ' b/c obama is an autocrat .
tapper fact-checks trump 's tweet tapper is part of the media scourge that we r tired of !
gt ; & gt ; fox news #us horrors in aleppo reports of mass graves , traps as troops sweep .
even kellyann knows better no , i do not believe ' there will be widespread voter fraud @cnnpolitics .
louisville 's lamar jackson wins heisman trophy lamar jackson , a sophomore quarterback at the university of .
k-indemand news malta official libyan plane possibly hijacked .
facebook helped drive a voter registration surge , election officials say a 17-word reminder displayed for fo .
former cuban leader fidel castro dies . one more to go to free the people .
fake #us embassy shut down after issuing illegally obtained visas for a decade .
donald trump takes reckless aim at first lady michelle obama .
malta plane hijackers threaten to blow up libyan airliner .
stupidest article ever . trumps labor sec pick is a gross misogynist , really into hot women in bikinis .
in istanbul , 29 killed in 2 blasts possibly targeting police officers .
angry @nbcnews for using this photo of him , so do n't use this enhanced , enlarged version of it for anything .
frivolous ; a waste of time & amp father of officer gunned down in dallas sniper attack sues .
asks u.s. to pay . security costs ; puts first bill at $ 35 million .
volkswagen parts ways with the historian who chronicled its nazi past .
self-driving cars will make organ shortages even worse .
like exec orders and bypassing congress ? obama says he 'll speak out if he thinks us ideals are at risk .
googles new sprayscape app is a purposely imperfect by frederic lardinois .
kansas approvingly cites dred scott to explain why it can ban abortion .
you 're accountable for stopping the spread of fake news .
spacex exec quits to begin grassroots movement to fight trump ' nightmare .
lamar jackson of the university of louisville wins the 2016 heisman trophy , the first from his school to win the award for best college football player . '' property .
power of victim impact statements rapist ex-nfl star darren sharper sentenced to 20 years in prison .
republicans stole the supreme court we are already hearing from republicans and democrats in leadership positions .
i scored 333 on the slate friday news quiz !
sam allardyce appointed crystal palace manager @bbcsport time for a #flyonthewall documentary .
how to stop sugar sneaking into your child 's diet a lollipop after a morning doctor visit . a cupcake for a .
trump team asks state for info on gender programs @cnnpolitics how ya feeling now ladies ?
and it 's in brownsville local transmission of zika virus is reported in texas .
partners with nhs to replace nhs111 with ai-powered chatbot .
ca n't - wo n't ever own shes . a liar #crookedhillary tells fundraisers fbi comey letter sank presidential bid .
pat mccrory is trying to steal the north carolina governorship .
from the new york times in 1922 . they did n't think hitler was really as anti-semitic as he sounded .
sad loss of om puri , star of british hit east is east . veteran indian actor dies .
is #microsoft more #innovative than #apple ?
as ratings plummet , n.f.l. considers reducing ads and length of games .
many mexicans are surprised by claims that they are the big winners under nafta .
great piece on realism v art super-high-res 3-d looks fantastic . its also unwatchable .
chelynn world news bag of toys prompts evacuation of trump tower lobby .
google debuts photoscan app for ios and android , which makes it easy to digitize old print photos ; google photos u .
google pixel review : assessing the new smartphone .
this is what happens when you 're complicit & amp ; you do n't stand up for what 's right & gt ; billy bush officially departs nbc .
updated : a complete list of all the sexual assault allegations against donald trump .
hackers used new weapons to disrupt major websites across u.s. hundreds of thousands of internet .
what the hell is going at the north pole ? its winter , but sea ice is melting .
trump 's campaign manager , the odious bannon i 'm a leninist i.e. , he wants to destroy the state .
says #trump endorses violent antidrug campaign . 2000 + extrajudicial killings in 6 mos is '' the right way '' ?
shootings in new york city fall to lowest number since the 90s .
confirmed : at&t is buying time warner for $ 85.4 b in cash and shares .
dolly parton wants to get a boost from hundreds of veterans affairs , @abc news has learned .
snoop dogg slams colin kaepernick for castro praise , choose between football , revolution kiss football goodbye !
uber defies california regulators with self-driving car service by mike isaac the new york times .
the second avenue subway is finally coming .
carolina gop 's power grab to limit democratic governor @cnn @gop @cnbc @uannounce @abcnews @cbsnews @nbcnews @rt .
2 des moines area police officers killed in ' ambush ' attacks shot in cars as they arri .
organizing within the party '' the next dnc chair should be @keithellison . add your name if you agree .
democracy , voter 's rights prevail over politics ! fed judge extends florida voter registration deadline @cnnpolitics .
the most-read stories of 2016 the new york times .
with north korea looming , trump may be rethinking china showdown by jane perlez via the new york times .
hollywood is living in a bubble ' and stars should n't talk politics mark wahlberg , who stars in the .
donald trump 's path to 270 electoral votes remains precarious but with some breaks , he can get there .
6 ways dylan changed history when bruce springsteen inducted bob dylan into the rock and roll hall of fame , .
i scored 566 on the slate friday news quiz !
rudy giuliani removes himself from consideration for a position in fish taco 's cabinet .
politics and foundations email about qatari offer shows ethical issues clinton foundation faced .
most #viral news now garner 's daughter blasts clinton after wikileaks .
what our sons should n't be learning from donald trump .
i scored 318 on the slate friday news quiz !
whats new on cnn read this before buying your child a cell phone for christmas .
c.i.a. chief warns donald trump against tearing up iran nuclear deal u mean walter ? better than this clown .
the wife of mitch mcconnell ? trump picks elaine chao for transportation secretary .
a chinese village 's ladder to education ?
teen vogues trump-anzee takedown is not a surprise , because the magazine rocks .
finn bengt #holmstrom wins nobel in #economics for work on contracts !
donald trump has 2-point edge in florida over hillary clinton @cnnpolitics .
there are almost 3,000 areas around the country with lead poisoning rates higher than those in flint .
michael moores october surprise trumpland documentary will be released in theaters wednesday .
american hero of the space age , dies at 95 a real , genuine hero is no more . thanks mr. glenn for all your efforts .
president donald trump '' well build & amp ; help build safe zones in #syria , so ppl will have a chance .
workers at democratic party headquarters in warren county , ohio had to deal with a stinky situation saturday after a load of manure was dumped outside the building .
this to me it what swayed it , outperforming mitt , how trump reshaped the election map .
i scored 370 on the slate friday news quiz !
lenovo & # 039 ; s new vr headset is coming , and it & # 039 ; ll cost less than $ 400 .
turns out melania #trump2016 did work illegally in the united states !
trump 's national security advisor michael flynn recently met with a party founded by actual nazis .
how donald trumps health secretary pick endangers women .
on the verge of a cpg m & a avalanche driven by startup innovation and low corporate r & d investment .
hillary email headache returns clinton messages show passwords , schedules flowed freely #emailgate @warriors_mom .
saudi prince executed for murdering man in brawl and this country is our big ally ?
jay z to headline concert for hillary @cnnpolitics we see right thru jay-z and beyonce 's crap .
repealing obamacare will cost taxpayers $ 350 billion .
what 's your prediction for today ? use this awesome interactive game to figure out the next president !
trump says claims of sexual aggression are false smears .
obama vows action against russia for hacks @cnnpolitics press conference tomorrow .
how did walmart get cleaner + higher sales ? it paid people more pay human service staff a fair wage .
more on journalist @edouphoto detention at us border raising press freedom alarms .
k-indemand news kentucky football game shooting leaves 2 dead .
where are women in f.b.i.s top ranks ? the new york times .
achelsea manning tried committing suicide a second timewhilst in solitary being punished for first suicide attempt .
ruth bader ginsburg apologizes to colin kaepernick after criticizing anthem protest the world is going to hell .
fake news capitalizes on the conjunction fallacy to make stories seem believable .
trump campaign denounces kkk 's official newspaper 's suppo | lt ; trumpers mean , '' make america white again .
majority of americans are hillary supporters . trump won electoral college but not popular vote .
tesla is now making stunning new solar roof tiles for homes .
his biggest #fu to #musicrow yet is as surprised as you about his .
the us #economy grew 2.9 % in 3q ; its strongest growth in 2 years .
former cuban leader fidel castro dies liberals said trump would be like a dictator , yet the .
vice president-elect pence to take over trump transition role from christie new york times .
congrats @idatin and @clue team . period tracking app clue pulls in $ 20m series b from nokia growth partners .
a fake news story led pakistan 's defense minister to direct a nuclear threat at israel .
some good , seasoned professionals , some scary donald trump is picking his cabinet heres a short list .
kashmir is paralyzed by an adored band of militants .
how did trump win over so many obama voters ? new york times .
at & t is in discussions on possibile of merger with time warner .
how hillary clinton met satan so much this ! it is just rediculous .
was it too good an end ? former cuban leader fidel #castro dies .
elon musk might start a literal `` boring company '' to tunnel under traffic .
article supporting my earlier post new cutting-edge $ 4b navy destroyer malfunctions in panama canal @cnnpolitics .
or cory booker race would have been tougher if sanders was vp pick @cnnpolitics .
way to reportedly pleads dumb of how emails at center of latest clinton probe got on computer .
bless hillary clinton 4 not wearing makeup during her childrens defense fund speech .
my lovelies , i 'm with @berniesanders . the next dnc chair should be @keithellison . add your name here please .
os now certified as #russia govt #android alt .
such a beautiful story ! sometimes we just need some good news ! for separated twins ' parents , a special thanksgiving .
cleveland browns win 1st game of season with 20-17 victory against the san diego chargers .
new 5 note , stronger safer , isnt suitable .
college threatens police response for students wearing ' offensive ' hallowe'en costumes .
trump calls for drug test ahead of next debate @cnnpolitics he should be first in line .
ceo @m3aloney tells pro-trump employees to resign .
donald trump says snl part of conspiracy to rig election and should be cancelled .
black freshmen at upenn added to a '' daily lynching '' hate group .
everybody , read this book . it is extraordinary . paul beatty wins man booker prize with the sellout .
clinton said that the hacking attacks carried out by russia were intended '' to undermine our democracy .
obama to black voters trump would undo my legacy , we need to .
ivanka trumps presence at her father 's meeting with japans pm raises q 's about potential conflicts of interest .
electoral college settles trumps victory , but little else it never was a story . he won on nov .
why i will not cast my electoral vote for donald trump an important read !
canadian brewery cuts a retiree perk : free beer for life .
briton , jamaican , mother , writer , female : on becoming whole with one of this generations most vital literary voices .
we ca n't know whether facebook is to blame for the election because they do n't enable independent research .
the endorsement 's appropo ; trump 's 1st run for elected office should 've been as mayor of las vegas or atlantic city .
hillary clinton 's lead in popular vote nears 2 million @cnnpolitics * still no way she could alter his presidency .
donald trump tax plan would add to debt ; hillary clintons wouldnt , study finds vote smart-vote hillary .
as 2016 comes to a close , a roundup of the top #medical and #health news from @nytimes .
leader trapped in labyrinth of his own making interesting #drc views .
love buzz aldrin 's spirit from the moon to the south pole . may he bounce right .
hart and holmstrom win nobel prize in #economics .
apropos fake news and how to get media literate .
example 1a of why it 's better to avoid endorsements oklahoma newspaper endorsed clinton . it hasnt been forgiven .
amazing , not even video footage showing murder matters . officer acted lawfully in fatal shooting of keith scott .
google joins the . net foundation as samsung brings . net suppport to tizen .
russian plane crash unlikely to be terrorism military choir on . by #bbcworld via .
at&t is in advanced talks to acquire time warner .
ukrainian hackers release emails tying top russian official to uprising russians know putin is not a good investment .
i scored 574 on the slate friday news quiz !
six ways to sweat out stress via cnnbrk cnn retweet .
three mobile cyber hack six million customers ' private information at risk @telegraph .
this article is so so good how to pounce on best credit card offers .
saudi deputy crown prince mohammed bin salman , radical reformer , imposes austerity , buys himself $ 550 million yacht .
mass grave found south of mosul , iraqi military says .
in interviews on election day , trump still signaling he may not accept results .
maybe leave it alone & amp ; do n't '' grab '' anything .
explaining the 2-state israeli-palestinian solution what it is and why it is so difficult to achieve .
nytimes upshot-siena college poll hillary clinton leads by 7 points in pennsylvania .
i scored 460 on the slate friday news quiz !
if obama had two sons hate crime charges filed in chicago beating streamed on facebook live .
russian officials were in contact with @realdonaldtrump allies , diplomat says .
trump and clinton in second presidential debate .
looks like trump is running away with the lead in texas and arizona , but the race is virtually tied in georgia .
trump explained why he rejects daily intel briefings im , like , a smart person .
i scored 410 on the slate friday news quiz !
the higher class made hillary clinton president . play the bbc 's predict the president game .
trump tower turns into ' dump tower ' on google maps #usefulupdates check it out here .
train engineer in crash had undiagnosed sleep apnea via jusswaggtv .
the army announces it will not approve the pipeline 's path over native land .
obama orders review of russian election-related hacking a country with huge athletic dopes ? yes , they did !
retweets u.n. plans to pay victims of cholera ou .
the conflicts along 1,176 miles of the dakota access pipeline .
asia pacific | ` world 's saddest polar bear ' to get a temporary reprieve from home in chinese .
us sues wealthy basking ridge , says nj town 's rejection of new mosque discriminated against muslims .
how pearl harbor shaped the modern world by jonah engel bromwich via #nyt #news the new york times .
becomes world number one after raonic withdraws from paris masters an amazing year . shd win .
trump did n't campaign on it but a major fight is brewing on medicare .
military experts at the army war college say donald trump is wrong about mosul attack #donaldiswrong .
cnn #worldnews journalism faces an ' existential crisis .
how bad was imperial cybersecurity in rogue one ? we asked some experts .
the isles of scilly football league has just two teams , but the smallest soccer league on the globe still gets the attention of the outside world .
cut ties to donald trump , big donors urge r.n.c. how does it feel being a loser ?
russia risks becoming pariah over syria bombing fucking irony bypass .
as ratings plummet , n.f.l. considers reducing ads and length of games that must be the problem .
twitter decides to release earnings while most of us are sleeping because reasons .
can petraeus be secretary of state ? david petraeus on monday became the latest secretary of state candidate to .
set aside some time . the year in pictures 2016 .
google pixel review assessing the new smartphone '' check out via nyt the new york times .
jeff sessions other civil rights problem supporting separate & amp ; unequal education .
trolling alert * asked chef to make ' black people food ' for tourists , lawsuit claims .
alleged joe mcknight shooter released from custody overnight , no charges filed , jpso says .
k-indemand news north carolina lawmakers could repeal ' bathroom bill .
a suicide attack on a busy commercial street in baghdad has left at least 28 people dead and scores wounded .
a new @americancancer report estimates the number of women who die from #cancer will rise 60 % by 2030 .
woman pleads guilty to hitting immigrant with beer mug jodie marie burchard-risch , a minnesota woman , has pleaded .
as ratings plummet , n.f.l. considers reducing ads and length of games @nytimes .
bloomberg says cities will fight climate change , with or without new york times .
one more campaign promise disappears with north korea looming , trump may be rethinking china showdown .
why teslas new solar roof tiles & amp ; home battery are such a bigdeal .
protecting president donald trump and his family costs to new york city more than $ 1 million a day .
exclusive comey to staffers election required probe disclosure .
donald trump is unpopular , and so is the gop agenda .
this is what ' not having hope feels like .
hate crime charges filed in #chicago beating streamed on #facebook live ! so much #liberal #racism and #hatred !
obama vows action against russia for hacks @cnnpolitics the fbi head an the overboss nsa , cia , fbi says obama is wrong .
tensions channeled into election in city built by immigrants , #immigration is the defining political issue .
a threat of a government shutdown ended friday evening , according to top democratic senators , who conceded they .
man who shouted ' jew-s-a ' is ' deplorable ' @cnnpolitics .
i call bullsh on half her tales . megyn kelly tells tales out of fox news in her memoir , settle for more .
this is greatfbi reopens clinton email investigation after new messages found .
heres what you missed the new york times .
your surgeon is probably a republican , your internest probably a democrat .
is this how you want to be remembered ? kennedy grills stein on recount with $ 6m , why yes .
free cash in finland . must be jobless .
chelynn world news amnesty nigerian officers killed 150 peaceful protesters .
the only thing that to me enticed me about new jersey was the gas .
how easy is it to illegally adopt a baby in malaysia ? 101 east reveals the sinister world of baby selling .
us election 2016 joke of the day ; the trump campaign ; ' we 're not giving up . we know we can win this !
does the glory of stradivarius violins come from their wood ?
judge in nevada declines to issue preservation order to trump campaign .
ivanka is meeting with gore , giving climate activists a glimmer of hope . and trump is tweeting on tweeting .
eternal optimist talking points for 2017 the new york times .
trump to drain the swamp , but change will be complex and costly at least he sees a ' swamp ' that needs draining .
i am in a test for @twitter new @ reply design and it is a mess .
trump @realdonaldtrump happy new year to all , including to my many enemies and those who have fought .
russian officials were in contact w/trump campaign diplomat says russia is trying 4 riots 2 discredit democracy .
on point , as always the democrats are screwing up the resistance to donald trump .
breaking news nytimes china bans it 's ivory trade , moving against elephant poaching !
some women in tech are being hotly pursued to join boards .
francois hollande , president of france , announces he will not seek reelection against right-wing candidates .
iowa police shootings 2 killed ; suspect in custody .
comeys review of emails related to clinton server triggered by new leads from ny agents .
mark wahlberg #hollywood living in bubble & s shldnt talk politics @foxnews app #usa @realdonaldtrump .
in other news , small number license plates are a big thing in dubai sold for $ 9 million .
joe mcknight , former usc , nfl player , killed in la .
yes to bqx city unveils possible streetcar routes in bklyn & amp ; qns .
google debuts android things , a platform for building iot devices with google services , apis .
gop major loss politically from election win will destroy party trump is unpopular , and so is the gop agenda .
paul ryan said he wo n't defend donald trump @cnnpolitics i.e. , every man , woman & amp ; child for themselves .
already breaking campaign promises ? lock her up ? maybe not so much .
breaking up with twitter .
trump isnt rewarding a lot of loyalists with cabinet jobs . let the lizard slime home .
jesus christ he 's just making this shit up as he goes along . trump calls for drug test ahead of next debate .
megyn kelly will leave fox news for nbc news .
wants to drain the swamp , but change will be complex and costly the new york times .
fyi @thelocalmalibu #riptilly killer whale at center of ' blackfish ' dies @cnn .
power of money bigger than human rights , even for zuck . fb said to create censorship tool to get back into china .
conway : trump considering ` special session ' to repeal obamacare on inauguration day '' property .
maggie hassan in new hampshire . but gop holds u.s. senate majority , 51-48 .
you said the election was rigged .
the four most influential cabinet posts will , if confirmed , all be held by white males for first time since 1989 .
trump calls for revoking flag burners citizenship . court rulings forbid it . does this to get ur eye off the issues .
very presidential best speech he 's given this entire time . donald trumps victory speech .
clinton vp list div into ' food groups ' by race , gender-fox news .
6 missing after small plane loses contact over lake erie a small plane believed to have crashed in lake erie is .
nooz from the trumpster dumpster hillary clinton presses her advantage over a struggling donald trump .
clinton leads trump by 7 points read it and weap .
a running list of donald trump 's accusers . expect it to grow .
dont take donald trump to dinner well said , again . gail is da bomb .
obama to black voters trump would undo my legacy #usefulupdates check it out here .
who will stand up for diversity , inclusion & amp ; the environment now ? govrnt wo n't , corporate america will .
92 perish as russian military plane crashes in black sea . official russian military choir included in dead .
zsa zsa gabor dead at 99 zsa zsa gabor dead at 99 .
top in primo toys rolls out cubetto , a wooden robot .
#breaking russian , us jets had near miss over syria : us officials .
mark-if you have the balls , tweet this we need to clean this clinton aide cried foul on obama 's email denial .
russia loses un human rights council seat .
christiesinc '' rt rpogrebin talk about making hay monets grainstack sets record with $ 81.4 million at aucti .
it 's easier to criticize jesus to a christian than apple to a mac head . 2016 was a hard year to be an apple fan .
muslim teen admits she made up story about being attacked by #trump supporters .
innocent or not ? if innocent , horrible injustice $ 75 after being wrongly imprisoned for 31 years .
but are yall still buying @kanyewest albums/tickets tho ? i did n't vote but if i did , ' i wld ' v voted for trump .
at least 29 people died in tuesday 's fireworks market blast , the governor of the state of mexico says .
good , they deserve everything they get ! hate crime charges filed in chicago .
man who shouted ' jew-s-a ' is ' deplorable deplorable #trump supporter what a moron .
growing list of racist incidents since trump 's election . if you see something , say something , #firstamendmentpeople .
financial vetting goes slowly for trumps wealthy cabinet picks .
latest election polls 2016 .
like ur anything 2 look at anymore ! shallow trump on accuser take a look at her . i do n't think so ' @cnnpolitics .
@ripleysaquagat were forced to evacuate mon . all of the facility 's 1,500 animals still inside .
fentanyl outpaces heroin as the deadliest rug on long island .
lego creations are now coming to life with boost , a new range that teaches kids to code .
fox news new poll clinton leads trump by 7 points .
spain is changing streets named after fascists to names of influential women !
galaxy note 7 owners are being advised to turn off their device , following battery fire reports .
hillary clinton will close her campaign with a top flight of surrogates , her political equivalent of assembling .
database of undocumented new yorkers may be deleted .
suspect arrested in killing of san antonio police officer he needs the death sentence !
police name james whitlock and matthew baker as the inmates who have escaped from pentonville prison .
explains why you cant run the u.s. like a startup aka markets are good but not everything .
the right thing to do . good job crimson . harvard cancels soccer season over lewd ratings of female players .
california professor caught on video calling trump 's election ' terrorism fire this man !
eric trump may have broken the law tuesday after he tweeted a picture of what appears .
clinton to join recount that trump calls ' scam of course trump calls it scam that 's trump for ya .
lorry kills nine at christmas market please respect yourself germany .
this is where we start the next dnc chair should be @keithellison . add your name if you agree .
man arrested in joe mcknight road rage shooting .
texas will soon require aborted or miscarried fetuses to be buried or cremated .
donald trump completes final lap , 270 electoral college votes , to white house .
here 's what we know and do n't know about russia and the u.s. election .
senate 's political punch-thrower says farewell , leaves trail of gaffes - goodbye & amp ; good riddance !
tweets u.s. needs to up its nuclear capabilities .
en otras noticias britain will posthumously pardon thousands of gay and bisexual men .
news '' justice department to monitor polls in 28 states on election day '' v .
all seven defendants found not guilty of ridiculous federal charges in connection with the malheur .
alabama man ' heaved and coughed ' for 13 minutes during his execution by lethal injection thursday night .
a binding accord on a heat-trapping chemical used in air-conditioners and refrigerators could have a greater impact on global warming than the paris pact of 2015 .
the sellout by paul beatty just won the man booker prize . put a hold on it today .
donald trump settles trump university lawsuits this is big story , obscured by .
led by bernie sanders and elizabeth warren , the democrats are screwing up the resistance to donald trump .
nigeria security officers allegedly killed 150 protesters .
rockettes wont be forced to dance at trump inauguration the new york times .
germany-wide consortium of research libraries announce boycott of elsevier journals over open access .
fraaaaaaaack '' i was speaking spanish on the phone a few min ago .
100 % de acuerdo #nobelprize why bob dylan shouldnt have gotten a nobel .
big boy pants , donald . joe biden to trump grow up , donald .
top @valsadie story rodrigo duterte says donald trump endorses his violent ant .
the big league prospect who became a mob hit man by dan barry via nyt the new york times .
russian hackers penetrated u.s. power grid through a utility in vermont .
a 7.0 - magnitude earthquake struck off the coast of central america on thursday afternoon , the us geological .
were almost intoxicated . we dont have any power but now were close enough to smell it , '' white supremacist says htt .
4 #japan / 7.3 - magnitude earthquake strikes off japan .
appcraft _ software samsung temporarily suspends production of galaxy note 7 samsung has suspended pro .
#jesuschrist is our prophet too ! why its not wrong to wish .
into a new world what will a trump presidency look like for our national parks and public lands ?
in face of brexit , signs of e.u. pulling together bad news .
the response of @nytimes 's lawyer to donald trumps retraction letter is worth reading .
foes of #russia say child pornography is planted to ruin them a k.g.b. dirty trick known as '' kompromat .
voters target electoral college members 2 switch their trump ballots , elect clinton because she won popular votes !
tech news read by hassanein hiridjee how a putin fan overseas pushed pro-trump .
repo man who had to repossess elderly couple 's car pays off debt and gives it back .
climate scientist , gordon hamilton , dies in antarctica accident .
spotify and apple music get unofficial mixes , the best part of soundcloud .
pope has made permanent the policy that all priests can forgive abortions , by @epovoledo and @liamstack .
russian military plane heading for syria crashes in black sea , killing 92 .
death toll in haiti from hurricane matthew climbs to 264 , authorities say ; storm nearing florida coast .
let me guess . it was the russians ? yahoo confirms more than one billion accounts compromised data breach .
federal government maps that crippled black neighborhoods .
you did this , america sarah palin considered for cabinet .
four more charged in flint water crisis . totally , 13 people have been charged , thus far .
tom hayden , civil rights and antiwar activist turned lawmaker , dies at 76 .
popular vote loser #realdonaldtrump wins electoral college victory ranks 46th in 58 elections .
clinton 's popular vote lead over trump now exceeds 1.5 million votes .
black man is arrested while walking , and minnesota city starts a conversation .
in case you have n't read it yet .
the fbi stumbled upon a trove of emails from one of hillary clinton 's top aides weeks ago , law enforcement officials told cnn sunday . '' property .
carrier says it has reached a deal w / donald trump that will keep nearly 1,000 factory jobs in indiana .
top story in questo momento donald trump picks reince priebus as chief of staff .
hey , really hope you 're joking . no such thing as voting by text .
trump picking his cabinet heres short list . lets see great women on this list .
11 times electoral vote count was interrupted '' property .
ranchers spar with obama over new national monuments in utah & amp ; nevada obama is not allowing animals 2 eat food .
the philippine president doubled down on boasts he made this week , confirming he personally killed three criminal suspects as mayor of davao city .
the timess lawyer responds to donald drumpf .
dakota access pipeline to be rerouted . excellent news out of the us today .
he picked up the sledgehammer and started smashing the bejeezus out of the trump star .
nobody really knows ' if climate change is real via jusswaggtv .
in a twist , trump & rsquo ; s disputed twitter claim about air force one turns out to be completely true .
7.7 #earthquake hits off #chilean coast @cnn .
bakersfield police shoot unarmed 73-year-old man fatally wtf is wrong with cops ?
plans to enter southeast asia with singapore launch in q12017 consider free shipping to #lka from .
a new upshotnyt/siena poll on the presidential race in pennsylvania gives hillary clinton 46 % , donald trump 39 % .
lesbian no longer works for many young queer women . but can a community exist without a name ?
and announced it a week & amp ; a half out why ? fbi discovered clinton-related emails weeks ago .
retweeted cnn breaking news colombia 's congress has approved a historic peace agreement that will .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu was interrogated monday night on suspicion of corruption in a criminal .
at & t is in talks to buy time warner .
this was the year of #vr and #ar stole it .
the first step to stopping negative thoughts is a surprising dont try to stop them .
thank you @kdschumacher for bring this horror to my inbox . nordstrom 's $ 85 leather-wrapped rock sold out online .
th sacred land at th center of the dakota pipeline fight @cnn thr s a gut-punch feeling as i read this & amp ; i am trad ' l .
we should cancel election and declare me winner he must have snorted a line before taking the stage .
#blockchain is empowering the future of via techcrunch by .
in aleppo , a drone video reveals a destruction so complete that it obliterates even a sense of time .
they should say this every time republicans lie about it . all this talk of voter fraud ? officials found next to none .
audience members walk out on amy schumer after trump criticisms .
pence says no need for apology after hamilton boos , lecture .
abby wambach , retired u.s. soccer star , reflects on her addiction by sam borden in the nyt .
barry healy solicitors apple pulls new york times app from china a .
janet reno , the first woman to serve as u.s. attorney general dies at 78 via the @foxnews .
germanys chancellor , angela merkel , has emerged as the last powerful defender of europe and the trans-atlantic .
on trump 's taiwan call china does n't tell us who we can talk to like and subscribe for m .
singer leonard cohen dead at 82 .
spain is changing the names of streets named after fascist leaders , dedicating them to women .
great to see china banning ivory . hope this leads to the preservation of elephants as a species .
audience members walk out on amy schumer after trump criticisms by andrew r . via nyt the new york times .
israeli government reached out to trump to pressure obama admin to veto un security council resolution .
sham ' us embassy issued fake visas for decade .
donald trump speaks at rally after final debate .
tech leaders news twitter lays off 9 % of its workforce as it posts a desperate .
awards margaret hamilton , who coded software for @nasa 's apollo command modules , the medal of freedom .
for trump , no qualms in contradicting obama this is just purely disgusting .
nancy pelosi beats back house democratic leadership challenge new york times .
fake news can '' raise the value of real news . if so , it will be great journalism that saves journalism '' @jimrutenberg .
russian #hackers penetrated the us electricity grid , say officials .
good work @yashar delta air lines bans disruptive donald trump supporter for life .
nice scoop here from @dylanbyers and @brianstelter megyn kelly leaving fox news for nbc news .
top story from #bigdata experts twitter lays off 9 % of its workforce as it post .
obama ends program once used to track muslims clearly '' forgotten about 9-11 '' americans have n't .
people are giving trump a lot of credit . never spoke of it to her husband . then she heard the trump tape .
some say hillary lost for being a woman . she may have received more votes than any candidate besides obama .
dozens killed in attack on istanbul nightclub an istanbul nightclub was attacked sunday morning , killing at l .
german chancellor merkel and assails spread of fake news .
pope francis has given all priests the ability to forgive abortions .
moar horrible news for #women , probs fbi to blame ? clinton tells dnc fundraisers comey letter sank her preside .
weve misdiagnosed the problem with donald trump lately , i have been having dreams about donald trump .
ny times investigating donald trump , f.b.i. sees no link to russia .
g.o.p. hard-liners furious ryan says hell no longer defend trump .
las noticias internacionales syrian government announces truce backed by russia .
releases transcripts of #clinton #goldmansachs speeches @cnnpolitics .
trump is set to undermine much of what americans take for granted in their government and in their public life .
trying to get all up in #travel google flights will now tell you when fares will increase .
positive ratings for obama as he exits @foxnews '' polls said hillary would win too ; obama worst ever !
trump focuses on blue states while clinton visits two battleground states .
us navy ship comes under fire near yemen new york times irish independentus navy ship comes under fire nea .
the three women of color trump has appointed , so far as donald trump 's cabinet begins to take shape , the .
carl paladino , @realdonaldtrump ally , wishes obama dead of mad cow disease in 17 .
cop charged in castile killing the minnesota police officer who fatally shot philando castile during a traffi .
my worst nightmare donald trump is picking his cabinet heres a short list .
maine gov paul lepage maybe the country needs trump to show ' authoritarian power .
paypal cofounder peter thiel donating $ 1.25 million to trump 's campaign .
respect kasich , even if i disagree with his politics . john kasich votes for john mccain instead of donald trump .
clinton cleared again by fbi and no new action is necessary #witchhuntover #hillary2016 .
agony of earth 's hottest year i miss that cold-cold weather via cnnbrk cnn retweet .
un human rights chief warns of war crimes in aleppo @cnn .
louisville 's lamar jackson wins heisman trophy louisville 's lamar jackson wins heisman trophy .
mt @foxnewsalert iran-backed houthi rebels fire missiles at us navy destroyer in red sea .
all fighting in besieged eastern aleppo ends , russia says w . syria rebel fighters to leave in coming hours .
also here 's an article about a muslim woman immigrant who voted for trump .
on #today , is #suspended by @nbc @nytimes the new york times .
wi-fi passwords from airports around the world in one map .
i knew it ! comey tells congress email review completed , decision not to prosecute clinton stands .
52 indiegogo to launch campaigns combining perks and equity investment .
the passing of a despot former cuban leader fidel castro dies @cnn .
what happens when the electoral college goes rogue ?
those insane early voting lines a direct result of republican voter suppression .
retweeted cnn breaking news four americans were killed in attack in afghanistan , defense secretary .
trump picked the former world wrestling entertainment ceo to serve as small business administration administrator .
what a loser trump 's strategy to cut property taxes .
suspect in hostage situation at homestead mental health facility shot by police .
the rooms they left behind wonderful way to present the end of the year obituaries .
today sees the launch of facebook 's first live 360 video streaming from utah 's mars desert research station .
chelsea clinton reportedly being groomed for congressional run clinton dynasty is over before it began !
uber 's self-driving cars are apparently moving from san francisco to arizona .
i scored 426 on the slate friday news quiz !
cardinal pell interviewed by victorian police in rome over child sex allegations .
the fbi had to build custom software to separate huma 's emails from those of husband . this caused two-week delay .
now , #netflix users can watch movies offline on their mobile devices .
bottle-flipping craze is fun for children but torture for parents .
trail of opioid devastation in west virginia enough pills shipped for every man , woman and child to have 433 .
protesters demand korean president resign approval ratings for south korean president park geun-hye have dipp .
heres why your friends are checking in to standing rock on facebook .
china flew a long-range nuclear-capable bomber outside china for the first time since president-elect donald trump spoke with the president of taiwan , two us officials told fox news . the dramatic show of force was meant to send a message to the new administration , according to the officials .
va hospital left body of deceased veteran in shower room for 9 hours , report finds . where is the respect ?
6 million customer records at risk due to #threemobile #data #breach further shows the need for .
opioid crisis to blame for president trump ? broken candidate for broken people .
doggedness and defiance : how trump won .
this undeclared war on floridians right to vote .
taiwan city planning makeover says trump agent showed interest taoyuans mayor said a trump organization represen .
self-driving cars will exacerbate organ-donor shortages .
what a puerile hyperbole about brandishing russian fleet bbc news russian warships pass through english channel .
new year blast in turkey kills 35 .
visualize how at odds trumps cabinet picks are from american .
supreme court to rule in virginia transgender case the supreme court will take up transgender rights for the .
reports of 35 dead and 40 injured in istanbul , turkey in a nightclub attack .
meet the neo-nazi whom steve bannon & rsquo ; s site described as a leading & ldquo ; intellectual & rdquo ; .
take a gander at the latest polls and tell me who our next president is latest election polls 2016 .
new zealand rocked at least 2 killed in powerful magnitude - 7.8 earthquake via the @foxnews app .
boko haram releases 21 chibok girls to the nigerian government .
it is unacceptable that obviously corrupt trump got away with not releasing his tax returns .
this home security camera was hacked just 98 seconds after the consumer plugged it in .
i was a believer face-to-face with isis inside an iraqi prison , shameless cowards !
obama vows action against russia for hacks @cnnpolitics i thoroughly condemn .
clinton @terrymcauliffe reportedly helped fund campaign of key fbi officials wife .
the trump appeal lives among his supporters no matter what because .
peter thiel donating $ 1.25 million to suppo | .
teslas stunning new solar roof tiles for homes are amazing .
tom price , orthopedic surgeon , is said to be trumps choice for health secretary .
trump says he 'll sue sexual misconduct accusers yeah do it release the .
bclinton bashes trump blames ' angry white men ' n comey for wife 's loss .
us | in news , what 's fake and what 's real can depend on what you want to .
following somewhat in harvard 's shoes , columbia has suspended its wrestling season over lewd , racist texts .
gt ; & gt ; surgeon probably a republican , psychiatrist probably a democrat .
trump is angry at nbc so please do n't use this enhanced , enlarged version of it for anything .
arctic ice vanishes over 30 yrs . a chilling @nasa simulation shows how it happened .
what 's going on ny ? obama plans farewell speech from chicago new york times .
i scored 476 on the slate friday news quiz !
clinton presses her advantage over a struggling trump trump lis losing due to foot in mouth disease .
first local transmission of zika in texas .
samsung officially halting sales and exchanges of all note 7s .
3 arrested in alleged bomb plot targeting somalis in kansas .
city students allow to skip class .
a scandal too far . time will tell huma abedin , hillary clinton , and a test of loyalty .
obama granted 78 pardons & amp ; 153 commutations today . single-day record for executive clemencies !
cut ties #trump big #donors urge r.n.c.
without customers , there is no coal industry . trumps promises will be hard to keep , but coal country has faith .
hurricane matthew death toll rises in the u.s.
you 'll need a new cable to connect macbook pro and iphone 7 what put a choke on sony a decade ago .
enjoying the 1st four words of this headline donald trump thrusts taiwan nyt .
lawyer 's response to @realdonaldtrump to retract an articls is on point . bravo mr david mccraw .
latest news update from luisa florez . clinton addresses new email inquiry .
trump 's pick for education secretary would gut funding for public education , push radical privatization agenda .
trump threw 1 of his own supporters out because he was '' a thug .
remaining deadlines to vote ! take a look now ! how to register to vote .
do you have a yahoo account ? here 's what to do .
76 % of ds say a trump win scares them vs . 56 % of gop say clinton win scary @foxnews #poll details .
apple removes new york times apps from its store in china at govt 's request .
obama administration bars states from withholding federal money from @ppfa .
in new york , people volunteer to help commuters in need of an escort , for fear of harassment .
the real horror is everything the #republicans were willing to tolerate about #trump , and why .
most #viral news now donald trump settles trump university lawsuits .
beat the average score and the @slate score on the news quiz , and i 'm not heartbroken abt missing the cubs question .
lesbian no longer works for many young queer women . but can a community exist without a name ?
apple new macbook pro kills off most of the ports you need thx @microsoft for the alter .
a front page history of presidental elections new york times election front pages .
megyn kelly tells tales out of fox news in her memoir , settle for more day late and a dollar short .
trump tv deal may include via jusswaggtv .
trump challenges clinton to drug test before debate the #presidentialelection gets weirder by the day .
for our men in blue suspect id 'd in separate ambush-style attacks that killed 2 iowa police officers .
top @rebelliousval story john kelly , retired marine general , is trumps choice .
drone deliveries are on the way , according to patents just filed by amazon .
this reality based on film events bond inspires first mexico city day of the dead parade .
white women sold out the sisterhood and world by voting for trump .
when 150 republicans reached their breaking point .
russia requires apple and google to remove linkedin from local . new york times .
if america wants to know what 's coming , it should study what happened here .
comfort puppies , cry rooms universities use your taxpayer money for toddler therapy for students after trump win .
dems should be careful waht they wish for . number of electors defected , and most were supposed to vote for clinton .
this will have a big impact on snapchat usage . group #messaging is snapchats most important launch in2016 .
more than 200 people have been hospitalized with breathing difficulties in tennessee as wildfires scorched across .
service must 've been lit ! - christmas carol service accidentally printed tupac 's hail mary instead of the carol .
olefins what 's effect on #environment new #climate - friendlier #coolant has a catch .
infects #security camera within 98 seconds of plug-in .
a male fantasy . and not real . the #un 's kind of woman ?
president obama to deliver farewell address in chicago .
who is and is n't performing at the inauguration ? who cares this is the american peoples inauguration .
nearing #equality with in alcohol consumption they wanted #equality now they have it .
syrian refugee children have been making clothes for british shoppers , an investigation has found .
trump threatens legal action against nbc over ' access hollywood ' tape is there any chance donald trump could .
the new york times comey is in political crossfire again over emails if the right thing .
leftist mindset ; break law & amp ; blame others hillary clinton blames f.b.i. director for election loss .
top @librariesval story russia requires apple and google to remove linkedin fr .
russia , they said , had intervened with the primary aim of helping make donald j . trump president '' @markmazzettinyt .
michigan recount halted by obama appointed federal judge .
trump has 2-point edge in new florida poll '' property .
the most extreme party coalition since the civil war the republican party in 2017 isnt an ordinary political .
democrats are already screwing up how warren and sanders are misreading the election .
clinton to join recount that trump calls ' scam ' @marchaig #clinton #trump #crookedhillary #makeamericagreatagain #us htt .
ohio state lawmakers have passed a controversial '' heartbeat bill '' that would ban abortions from the moment the h .
the floodgates are open on trump sexual assault allegations & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt .
fbi , justice department feud in clinton probe .
arctic ice vanishes over 30 years in this video , nasa visualizes its arctic sea ice data from 1984 to 2016 , and .
uk authorities '' betraying '' '' just more or less .
257 reported hate crimes against muslims in 2015 .
trump said in 2014 that russian hacking was a ' big problem how bout in 2016 ?
leon russell , rock & amp ; roll hall of fame , dies at 74 @cnn sweet , sweet soul ; will be so missed by we '' bbyboomers .
how donald trump talks about the rest of america when he & rsquo ; s with his buddies .
trump picks elaine chao , former labor sec & amp ; wife of sen maj leader mitch mcconnell , for transportation secretary .
donald trumps income isnt always what he says it is he is a scoundrel and is going to rip americans off .
russian forgers created 500k fake internet users to trick advertisers into paying $ 5 million a day for video ads .
was expecting tesla 's new solar roof tiles to be like the rest , made of plastic . nope , these look like real ones .
this is not routine , nor insignificant , for us or anyone russia tests anti-satellite weapon @cnnpolitics .
sir jimmy young . the veteran broadcaster has died , aged 95 .
immigration detainees four tim dylann roof found guilty in charleston .
he 's got the bad hombres on the run 6 ways trump could win 270 electoral votes @cnnpolitics .
how to develop #ai with a conscience . guidelines ethical design .
the new york times richard rortys 1998 book suggested election 2016 was coming .
i love our kids ! what makes a new york city kid ?
california professor olga perez caught on video calling trump 's election ' terrorism .
more than 160 republican leaders dont support donald trump . heres the timeline well done , @nyt !
college students want to kill foreign language requirements universities should tell them nei .
boing boing 's 2016 gift guide our favorite books .
world series game 5 cubs roar back to tie indians in 4th inning .
we are feeling what not having hope feels like ! sincerely going to miss her !
is this what @realdonaldtrump is going to fix ? how the twinkie made the super-rich even richer .
rides a new wave of furor over the abuse of women after an official blames victims of a .
obama bars future oil leases in swaths of atlantic , arctic oceans obama is a major ass-hat !
retweeted fox news trump ready to accept russia hacking , if cia , fbi release consensus .
how @realdonaldtrumps health secretary pick endangers women .
breaking emails tied to hillary clinton case found ! fbi seized devices belonging to huma abedin & amp ; anthony weiner .
the unspeakable behaviour of donald trump with women rt crossing the line how donald trump behaved with women in prhttp .
bush officials endorse hillary clinton i ca n't imagine the us with that cunt in charge .
ohio state university attacker killed , 9 wounded .
why we & rsquo ; re increasingly paying extra not to get the physical copy of a book or movie .
california hires holder for trump fights , battle over illegals .
bob dylan wins nobel literature prize for creating new expressions w/in the american song tradition .
catholic bishops preparing to defend immigrants against newly elected president who threatened deportations .
i live in a lie and ' things are changing saudi women speak up .
peter beaumont new york times names a.g. sulzberger deputy publisher .
exxon and russia , trumps choice for secretary of state ?
dems want to protect criminals . good to know . mayor says chicago will ' always be a sanctuary city .
last year , google consumed as much energy as the city of sfo . next year , it will run entirely on renewable energy .
great article , did you see this @bec_chirps @david_aderhold what kids wish their teachers knew .
man dissolves in yellowstone acidic pool .
bob dylan wins nobel prize for literature '' property .
#obama will not remain silent if mr. #trump goes too far in undoing his legacy .
dopey jill stein spent nearly $ 1 million of recount funds on consultants , staff , admin !
the notorious #rbg waxing lyrics calls #colinkaepernicks anthem protest dumb .
very classy response ! i was n't offended ' by message of ' hamilton ' cast @cnnpolitics .
elections may be delayed and obama may stay by default . justice depart obtains warrant 2review clinton aides emails .
rachel bloom , elizabeth banks , and others sing a profane anti-trump anthem a la '' we are the world .
bans drilling in parts of the atlantic and the arctic this is a win for the #environment .
#hyperloopone will build the 1st #hyperloop system to go from #dubai to #abudhabi in 12 min .
canadian newspaper does what ours apparently wo n't . compiles list of almost 500 trump lies during campaign .
philippines mayor accused of #drug links by #duterte is killed by police .
while we werent looking , #snapchat revolutionized social networks great piece by @fmanjoo @nytimes .
a nasa scientist is warning that earth is due for an '' extinction-level '' event like a comet or asteroid strike .
this 1998 book foresaw the 2016 election .
20 places i failed to travel to in my 20s .
fake #news in #uselection2016 ? elsewhere , thats nothing new .
trump says he 's turning away ' billions via jusswaggtv .
it was american & amp ; not chinese too . zuckerberg implies facebook is a media co , just '' not a traditional media company .
the fbis investigation found '' 27 email chains containing classified information '' fbi warrant released clinton case .
lithium battery failure wipes out nasa 's darpa .
clinton is a ' moral , ethical choice ' end @glennbeck 's career . stop listening please .
the stories of these holiday dishes tells the story of our diverse nation , the story of who we are .
more than 160 repub leaders dont support #trump . heres when they reached their breaking pt .
pharrell williams , making noise for hidden figures .
trump names trump organization managersand his own kids to transition team . some blind trust .
trump team asks state for info on gender programs @cnnpolitics the us should also be cutting is foreign aide !
another reason to boycott korea samsung galaxy note 7 2nd ' safe ' replacement catches fire .
trump rips press , as team eyes wh briefing changes .
at least 48 dead in russia after drinking scented bath lotion .
i really hope they told them to f-off . trump summons tv figures for private meeting , and lets them have it .
berlin police now confirming 9 dead and several injured after a truck drove into a crowd at a christmas market in the g .
usa gov lawyers & amp ; intelligence officials concluded interrogations would n't cause long lasting psychological harm .
trump speaks at al smith dinner .
enterate de las ultimas noticias aqui ! woman says trump reached under her skirt .
ohio state university jihadi attacker killed , 11 hospitalized after campus attack .
weve misdiagnosed the problem with donald trump weve misdiagnosed the problem with donald trump .
judge suspends rule expanding overtime some exempt employees are still capped at $ 23k / yr .
big names campaigning for hillary clinton underscore donald trumps total lack .
so proud to be an american . usa is great ! wins dixville notch midnight vote @cnnpolitics .
what does #trump mean for silicon valley ? nothing very good .
jury acquits leaders of #oregon standoff of federal charges . one for the good guys !
first on cnn : religious leaders slam clinton campaign over emails '' property .
ohio official ' extremely questionable behavior ' outside polling station .
chibok schoolgirls ' swapped for boko haram militants .
damaged by war , syrias cultural sites rise anew in france .
dreamers prepare for fight against trump #immigration @cnnpolitics .
one day after her daughter carrie fisher dies now legendary debbie reynolds is gone !
schumer hints of compromise with trump , but not on obamacare .
what passes for justice these days . wildlife refuge occupiers in shock acquittal .
how russia 's putin & amp ; turkey 's erdogan brokered peace in syria & amp ; sidelined the us . makeshift in world leadership .
huge mysterious disc-shaped object with satellite dish spotted near moon 's surface jumping into hyperspace .
investigate his russian ties . demand his tax records , emails , ties rex tillerson , an aggressive dealmaker .
lock her up ? maybe not so much , giuliani and christie say in contact with russia .
says he 's '' embarrassed '' by this year 's presidential contest .
snoop dogg slams kaepernick ; castro praise , says choose between football , revolution via the @foxnews app .
cancels visit to #france , kremlin source says , after #hollande suggests russia guilty of war crimes .
conway calls on clinton to call for calm , warns reid ' be very careful harry reid really needs to go away .
breaking one man dead at #oklahoma city airport . airport in lock down .
may be core leader of #china , but very nervous , as we all knows #ccp is outdated , no chance to survival .
these 14 hashtags are helping people with disabilities share their stories .
so true , it 's time to grow up .
battle for mosul operation to retake iraqi city from daish begins .
#china is to blame for the mindless slaughter of endangered animals will closing chinas ivory market do any good ?
how big banks are putting rain forests in peril why palm oil production must adopt regenerative principles .
shows #hillaryclinton coordinated with liberal group to incite crowds .
tells the little man to take the job seriously . obama , with angela merkel in berlin , assails spread of fake news .
justice department to track use of force by police across u.s.
top story from techcrunch monese raises $ 10m series a for its banking app targ .
us says china will return underwater drone @cnnpolitics .
republican sen. john mccain said on monday that he was n't sure if donald trump would be a better president for appointing supreme court justices than hillary clinton . '' property .
fox news poll positive ratings for rainbo as he exits via the @foxnews app .
novelist zadie smith on multiculturalism , cultural appropriation , male critics .
cnn link to trump signaling he may not accept the results .
all tesla cars built from today on have all hardware needed for full see more http .
new yorkers volunteer to aid fearful commuters . america is great and there are some beautiful people there .
mass grave with 100 decapitated bodies found near #mosul #iraq @cnn .
ken bone reddit porn and internet #privacy today .
the numbers are in for the latest jobs report , the last one under obama 's administration .
world series : heres how the chicago cubs won game 5 .
runner setting marathon age-group records at 85 you have to be idiot enough to try it .
santa was a little too honest , eh ? mom says santa insulted her son @cnn .
palmyra : is retakes ancient syrian city - bbc news .
trump picks wall street lawyer who defended big banks for financial crisis-era misbehavior to lead sec .
las noticias internacionales donald trump is said to intend to keep a stake in .
self serving gay republicans celeb support 4 donald trump is a groan punch 2 women 's rights .
why does education translate to less support for donald trump ? this makes sense .
clinton calls on fbi to release ' full and complete facts ' of email review @cnnpolitics .
i scored 462 on the slate friday news quiz !
trump says he 'll sue sexual misconduct accusers '' property .
bob dylan wins nobel literature prize congratulations to bob dylan an inspirational man for many people .
aleppo battle : un says civilians shot on the spot - bbc news .
three mobile customers six million customers ' private information at risk .
california cities are considering the netflix tax .
colombia and rebels sign new peace deal , this time skipping voters '' by nicholas casey via #nyt #news the new york htt .
the lawyer who became duponts worst nightmare rob bilott was a corporate defense attorney for eight years .
cities are cutting public transit based on the assumption that uber will fill the gap .
will miss gwen ifill , award-winning political reporter and author .
trump jr. went to paris , where he held talks on syria with russia supporters really @wsj trump 's son ?
i love when discoveries like this happen ! there are 10 times more galaxies in our universe than we 'd estimated @cnn htt .
asking congress , not mexico , to pay for border wall '' national debt just got 10ft higher .
ipo traded #grubhub ceo tells employees to resign if voted 4 .
suck it up to cut funding for schools coddling students over trump .
tech entrepreneurs are treating top scientists as rock stars . committees of previous recipients decide the winners .
juanita broaddricks rape allegations are credible . her attacks on hillary clinton are not .
goes to #finland in pursuit of nordic #vr and #ar talent by techcrunch .
trump claims , with no evidence , that millions of people voted illegally .
a must read & gt ; & gt ; while we werent looking , snapchat revolutionized social networks .
launches a line of earphones with kendall jenner .
trump takes credit for sprint plan 2 add 5,000 jobs in u.s. and it 's less than a state worker 's monthly requirement .
take this nyt quiz to see how your use of bottled water and soda impacts the environment .
donald trump is suing washington , d.c. , so his luxury hotel can pay less in taxes .
whether it will matter politically remains to be seen , but one thing is clear he destroyed his own reputation .
uber expected to lose $ 3bn in 2016 .
saleh #houthi forces fired again on us naval ship off #yemen red sea coast is strategy to bait @pot .
suspect in #berlin christmas market attack came to germany as refugee from pakistan just last february .
time to end the electoral college @electoralcollge is the living symbol of americas .
after observing how people respond to gifts , social scientists have advice for shoppers dont try so hard .
not biting his tongue obama says he 'll speak out against trump if his policies put us .
suck it , @flgovscott , the courts have spoken ! florida gets extended voter registration deadline .
eric trump with too little much too late , ' david duke ' deserves a bullet ' @cnnpolitics .
the new us president , hrc - faces a world of trouble , that she can handle !
a singers journey from solitary confinement to the met opera the arts do change lives @nafme @interlochenarts .
federal judge extends florida voter registration deadline until october 18 .
news you need snapchat has quietly acquired an israeli startup for a reported $ 30 million .
your surgeon is probably a republican , your psychiatrist . via nytimes @primal .
justices to decide case accusing bush officials of 9/11 abuses .
apple removes new york times apps from app store in china .
i hardly expected my letter to donald trump to go viral nyt lawyer @davidmccraw made history .
mick jagger is a rolling stone for sure .
reversing course , epa says fracking can contaminate water .
suck it up buttercup bill by iowa lawmaker .
the wrong target trump should speak up against white nationalists instead of admonishing the cast of '' hamilton .
defense secretary ash carter says us + need to stay in iraq after isis defeat or will cede iraq to iran .
donald trump is picking his cabinet . heres a shortlist . sessions can communicate .
imagine a world without we already are heading to a world without #humanity .
sinbad never made a genie movie called shazaam , but that is n't stopping people from remembering they saw it .
combine a donkey and a rabbit and get a flying unicorn making sense of at & ts bid for time #telecom #media warner .
pat mccrory is trying to steal the north carolina governorship .
south africa , nigeria , india and uganda . cases surpass a million in russia , but little is done .
ny times says trump has 11 % chance of winning . would that make him the biggest loser in us presidential history ?
drives from home to work on its own .
the best line existential crisis '' had not been on the ballot , but that was essentially the result .
every 7 seconds , a young girl becomes a bride , @savethechildren report says .
in 1930s feds made the maps that crippled black neighborhoods .
dylann roof found guilty of all charges for his racially motivated massacre . now can we call him a terrorist ?
retweeted abc news obama on 2016 election we have to remember that we 're actually all on one .
cnn top #news us-backed forces announce bid to seize isis ' capital ' in syria .
trump is n't capable of telling the truth . employees have ' tremendous problem ' with obamacare @cnnpolitics .
supreme court allows arizona ' ballot collection ' law @cnnpolitics .
liberals r desperate . michael moore to gop electors i 'll pay your fines if you do n't vote for trump .
shelter in place is now lifted on @ohiostate campus .
no surprises here as the twinner of startup battlefield at disrupt london 2016 is @seenit .
jeff sessions has been an attorney general before , in alabama . there , he fought for separate and unequal schools .
obamas sacred duty visiting the wounded at walter reed by gardiner harris president ob .
future warfare in space , russia tests anti-satellite weapon .
fbi discovered clinton-related emails weeks ago it has to be done . if she is innocent will see .
trump avoided paying taxes for 20 years using other peoples loses a ' legally dubious ' tax seme .
black friday online sales hit record-breaking $ 3 billion , $ 1b mobile .
trump says his supporters were ' violent ' @realdonaldtrump you are a sick , fucking loser .
let 's start with dumping daylight savings time . time to dump time zones .
sanctuary city mayors letter to obama illegal immigration trump daca .
trump might keep parts of the health law of course , yeah . imagine 4 years of this bullshit .
australia to resettle refugees in us under ` one-off ' deal '' property .
samsung galaxy note 7 is completely done . it is finished !
wrong words rapper says trump called him ' uncle tom ' on show via foxheadlines .
this is horrifying . woman thrown in front of subway train is killed , police say .
how poe 's law explains the dumpsterfire that was 2016 on the internet .
michelle obama nails it what we feel is the lack of hope .
how hip-hop dropkicked trump and came to terms with clinton .
bill clinton bashes trump , blames ' angry white men ' & amp ; comey for wife 's loss . this comes from an angry white man .
great lego boost idea for younger kids to also get them into coding .
obama ' lied directly , pointedly ' to the nation about hillary 's emails .
| courtesy of @free_media_hub attacker opens fire at istanbul nightclub , news ag ` cy reports @cnn .
u.s. seeks death for charleston #southcarolina shooting suspect . victims families prefer mercy .
at age 73 , mick jagger welcomes his 8th child .
why it 's not wrong to wish #muslims merry #christmas @akyolinenglish @mariamkshakim @britishmuslimy .
carter in charge . says us , partners need to stay in iraq after isis defeat .
countering trump , bipartisan voices strongly affirm findings on russian hacking .
trent partridge donald trump blasts recount as ' ridiculous ' and ' a scam .
di mana obama & hillary ? conway calls on clinton to call for calm .
comey ' emails warrant no new action against clinton easier ways to suicide james open your veins .
google says there are now 2 billion active chrome installs .
700,000 americans live in mexico city .
faithless fail trump tops 270 electoral votes , as bid to flip electors falls flat .
is there anything about gtmo gen kelly disliked ? john kelly , trumps choice to lead homeland security .
trump 's beef with snl is no laughing matter it should be cancelled . alec baldwin is not funny but mean spirited .
free chelsea mannnig chelsea manning tried committing suicide a second time in october .
hillary clinton calls fake news ' an epidemic ' yet she created more than anyone .
fake us embassy in accra , ghana , issued valid us visas , is shut down comment just like 9-11 .
according to new research , time spent on social media could be associated with a longer life .
obama to deliver farewell address in chicago , of course i would like to be present , if not , i 'll be here @cnnpolitics .
religious leaders wrongly rebuke clinton campaign over truthful 2011 roman catholic emails .
netanyahu makes trump his chump . he also has no idea how much he is being manipulated into helping iran and isis .
been saying this all week early voting data suggests clinton lags in north carolina compared to 2012 @cnnpolitics ht .
print journalism , saving the day . maybe thank them by subscribing to a newspaper today ? even if it 's just digital a .
hooray for google new photoscan app makes it easy to digitize old prints .
fearing a libel suit from libel bully trump , bar association stifles report calling him a libel bully .
fort worth police say a man accused of kidnapping a six year old girl from her home also raped her before she was found .
how bambi got its look from 900-year old chinese art .
ca hires eric holder as legal bulwark vs trump corrupt lying radical racist is the perfect pos .
donald trump assails his accusers as unattractive .
can the & ldquo ; secret government & rdquo ; save us from donald trump ?
gays including gay mexican explain why they are proudly supporting trump .
8 dead , 24 others wounded in chicago shootings need more laws .
clueless trolls get trolled by twitter bot that argues for hours .
key states tilting toward trump after fbi 's october surprise thank god truth is finally sinking in in of voters .
trump mistook a black supporter at his rally for a protestor & amp ; called him a thug .
confirm 9 dead , many injured . many police colleagues are deployed to #breitscheidplatz to gather det .
corporations are hearing us ! amy schumer and seth rogen 's bud light ads axed .
google and facebook ban fake news sites from their advertising better late than never , i suppose .
pence answers body image question with terror no little girl is going to understand that !
legendary indian actor , om puri , dies aged 66 .
fox news latest rnc urged to move on some big republican donors want party to cut ties with trump amid scanda .
north carolina gov . pat mccrory concedes race #usefulupdates check it out here .
techcrunch cyanogen failed to kill android , now it is shuttering its services and os as .
reading fake news , pakistani defense minister directs nuclear threat at israel .
the 282 people , places and things donald trump has insulted on twitter a complete list '' @nytimes .
new fbi files contain allegations of ' quid pro quo ' in clinton 's emails confirmed that hilla .
paul ryan has finally come to his sense ! he said he wo n't defend donald trump @cnnpolitics .
obama says america will put humans on mars by the 2030s @cnn .
white house spokesman josh earnest had a sharp response when asked about donald trump 's suggestion the presidential candidates take drug tests ahead of wednesday 's debate . '' property .
for the traveler at heart , #google flights will now tell you when fares will increase , help you find cheaperticket .
top queer pig story ford to scrap mexico plant , invest in michigan ; ceo cites .
trump didnt flip working-class white voters . the rust belt revolt is a myth .
this is absolutely horrible , if true . boko haram survivors sexually abused by government officials at ' safe ' camps ht .
big victory with russia losing its seat on the un human rights council to croatia .
this new study is a reminder of why we need a strong , inclusive , and effective #safetynet in the us .
smart quick take on how trump won , from former obama campaign mgr david plouffe what i got wrong about the election .
misen 's chef 's knife , all cut up .
news flash , cnn hates trump ! white males dominate trump 's top cabinet posts .
clinton addresses new email inquiry hillary clinton called on the f.b.i. to clarify the .
trump says the u.s. should expand its nuclear capacity does he plan to use them ?
a frightening sign of the times 2016 word of the year .
san francisco homeless new plan to clear tents off streets .
how donald trump talks about the rest of america when he & rsquo ; s with his buddies .
macy 's is closing 68 stores , cutting 10,000 jobs . i hope you are taking credit for this @realdonaldtrump .
relevante en mi red donald trump ' grabbed me and went for the lips ' , says nint .
two powerful earthquakes hit italy near site of deadly august quake-just thumbing on the haarps g-string .
many trump cabinet picks have views at odds with those of most americans .
@realdonaldtrump is profoundly ignorant . joe biden to trump grow up , donald .
do you remember the 90 's genie movie sinbad did ? well that never happened .
costs new york city more than $ 1 million a day and that 's certainly money well spent .
clinton swamps trump in popular vote this presidential election was stolen from hillary clinton !
this is very disturbing boko haram survivors were sexually abused by govt officials at ' safe ' camp .
pueden leer la noticia aqu & gt ; youtube stars say they were removed from delta flight for speaking arabic .
trump and the tech trump and the tech .
trump to sit in witness chair before heading to white house .
trumps electoral college win to be among the slimmest .
tt137 top story george michael , pop superstar , has died at 53 .
reminder that north carolina 's governor lost his reelection and is currently trying to steal it back .
what if hamilton low-life racist actor brandon victor dixon , had said this to vice president-elect pence .
attackers dressed as santa open fire at nightclub in istanbul several dead , many injured .
the ross sea has been declared a no-take marine protected area , the first of many on the high sea 's i hope .
we will miss you ! prime minister john key resigns @cnn .
retweeted cnn breaking news north carolina legislators fail to repeal '' bathroom bill '' in special .
a new tool can crack a credit card number in six & nbsp ; seconds .
genetics is not destiny , at least when it comes to heart disease and living with health conscious habits .
omg she is a #racist #islamophobic #xenophobic #trump supporter lol ! calls for full-face veil ban in germany .
will ask all global partners to stop sales and exchanges of #galaxynote7 while further investigation takes .
lady gaga win #mtvstars lady gaga #mtvstars lady gaga rapper lil jon says donald trump called him .
clintons did not obtain permits to renovate their new chappaqua home , only the '' little people '' need permits .
retweeted maria tihui sanjurjo us-backed forces announce bid to seize isis ' capital ' in syria .
you are like that one boil . clinton campaign backs call for electors to get trump-russia briefing .
secretary clinton has a 12-point lead over donald trump in new poll .
i scored 401 on the slate friday news quiz !
there is no case law on this . its uncharted waters obama bans drilling in parts of atlantic & amp ; arctic .
i felt like this was going to happen in the next couple of months amazon plans to set up singapore q1 2017 launch .
20 things donald j . trump said he wants to get rid of as president .
victory at standing rock army corps of engineers denies pipeline permit and seeks alternative routes .
you are #evil rebuke u i pray for your corrupt soul ! she never had an abortion but ' i wish i had .
jared fogle 's ex-wife sues subway #usefulupdates check it out here .
good to see a school taking a strong stand . cancels rest of mens soccer over lewd ratings of females .
forget hs2 hyperloop to go from dubai to abu dhabi in 12 minutes .
in break with past , obama ambassadors are told to quit posts by inauguration day .
fake story about obamas , clinton hooks hannity . like #foxnews #seanhannity is not trustworthy .
peter thiel donating $ 1.25 m to trump campaign .
not a moment too soon ! china bans its ivory trade , moving against elephant poaching .
what cheapens the work of the civil rights movement is white men finding ways to obstruct the right to vote .
soldier in army jacket attacked after philadelphia parade this is wrong and shld be stopped !
canadian newspaper compiles list of almost 500 trump lies during campaign .
all new tesla cars ready for fullself-driving .
arms dealer says obama made him scapegoat on libya operation to ' protect ' clinton .
new army regs let muslim soldiers wear hijabs , turbans and religious beards .
gt ; & gt ; new york times #us britains new 5 note , stronger and safer , isnt suitable .
the most-read nyt story of 2016 why you will marry the wrong person .
fox news poll majority says #russianhacking made no difference faith in humanity restored .
clinton popular vote lead surpasses 2 million .
latest from cnn heimlich inventor dies at 96 dr. henry heimlich , who invented the world-famous heimlich maneu .
with trump in power , the @federalreserve gets ready for a reckoning .
why bob dylan shouldnt have gotten a nobel his '' brilliant lyrics '' can absolutely be appreciated without the music !
cnn parts ways with donna brazile , a hillary clinton supporter who leaked cnn 's questions to the candidate .
the new york times syrian government announces truce backed by russia and turkey .
top story from techcrunch primo toys rolls out cubetto , a wooden robot that te .
there are now 13 sexual assault allegations against trump .
this is crazy ! pope extends power to forgive abortion .
they 're replacing it with a '' magic toolbar display .
again , only 27 % of us jews wanted us to veto the un resol american jews divided over strain in us-israel relations h .
kentucky football game shooting leaves 2 dead this is an annual event n louisville every yr at thanksgiving .
a g died today killer whale at center of ' blackfish ' dies .
trump has several tools for putting the brakes on climate programs .
a new angle to new year 's resolutions a gut makeover for the new year .
nominate your choice for best app in the 10th annual #crunchies awards .
after blasting clinton , pence in an email battle of his own vice president-elect mike pence is embroiled in a .
white women sold out their fellow women , their country , and themselves last night .
m | after brexit , britons adopted symbol of solidarity . so should we .
ms. manning says she tried to commit suicide at the start of a week of solitary confinement she was serving as punishment for a previous attempt to end her own life .
chicago records 762 homicides in 2016 , up 57 percent . we need to make cities safe for residents .
malta outlaws conversion therapy , a first in europe .
asked if congress would pay for the wall , scalise said we want president trump to have all the tools he needs .
good luck to those who thought they were getting a savior ! donald trump already walking away from campaign promises ?
i ran obamas 2008 campaign . should i have known better this time ?
says '' mounting evidence suggests vaping is far less dangerous than smoking .
when life gives you pizza , give away a slice cancer patient wins year of free pizza , gives it to food bank .
trump joins fight against un vote the egyptians are delaying a showdown vote at the un security counc .
children born in 1940 had a 92 % chance of being richer than their parents ; children born in 1980 have a 50 % chance .
1 million android phones infected by hackers due to ' wetware ' failure .
donald trump reacts to castro 's death president-elect donald trump reacted saturday to the death of controver .
inside a fake news sausage factory - it 's about the revenue , not the trump .
the carrier deal illustrates how trump is going to replace government with gimmickry , argues @juliaturner .
deadliest in years california bus crash kills 13 a holiday tour bus collided with a tr .
chelynn world news new $ 4b navy destroyer malfunctions in panama canal .
like @greatdismal but not fiction . how russia pulled off the biggest election hack .
check out this alt right conspiracy image generator .
interesting take on self-driving cars will they lead to more organ shortages ?
top in vc firm daphni announces its first $ 165 mill .
gt ; & gt ; & gt ; insurance policies on slaves new york lifes complicated past .
lorry kills nine at christmas market . this is awful .
i scored 421 on the slate friday news quiz !
youtube stars removed from #delta flight for speaking #arabic . when human understanding takes a backseat to racism .
trending techcrunch news @mikeyuhn this security camera was infected by malware .
dylan roof guilty on all counts .
life expectancy in u.s. declines slightly , first dip since height of aids deaths in 1993 .
from the new york times opinion section donald trumps israel ambassador pick is hazardous to peace .
woot woot detroit ! 52 places to go in 2017 .
fake story about obamas , hillary ensnares sean hannity .
new york public library restocks 52,000 books .
oliver hart and bengt holmstrom were awarded the nobel memorial prize in economic science today .
congrats @rfradin @jlarrison and dynamic signal gets $ 25m led by microsofts vc .
prayers for #ftlauderdale ' multiple dead , ' at least 6 injured in shooting at fort lauderdale airport .
kamala harris wins california u.s. senate race , cbs news projects .
how to clean a dusty picasso at moma : use your spit .
president barack obama challenged republicans on friday to spell out their plan for replacing his signature .
prayers for peace & amp ; native lands 2 b left alone veterans 2 serve as human shields 4 dakota pipeline protesters .
another unexpected consequence of self-driving cars a shortage of donor organs .
zuckerberg 's jarvis home ai is like an alexa that learns your musical tastes .
duterte says trump endorsed his violent anti-drug campaign .
where the democrats go from here ppl who voted for trump are sick & tired of eco , po .
craig sager , the tnt sideline reporter known for his colorful wardrobe , dies at 65 .
20 things donald trump said he wanted to get rid of as president a list we should keep an eye on fo .
teacher placed on leave after correctly comparing #trump to .
thank you , huma . good job , huma donald trump on monday thanked the top hillary clinton aide whose .
house republicans , under fire , back down ethics office .
missing woman found chained ' like a dog ' #usefulupdates check it out here .
hacked emails of hillary clinton 's campaign - such baloney from cnn . their hillary love fest is blatant .
i scored 499 on the slate friday news quiz .
a running list of donald trump 's accusers . expect it to grow .
enough with the tweets , chinas state media tells trump . the clown needs to think before he tweets or we will pay .
je le veeeeuuux ! boost teaches kids how to bring blocks to life with code .
multiple blasts in the japanese city of utsunomiya have killed one person and injured three .
horrific , lying , thieving , leftist loon harry reid is not taking trump 's election well via the @foxnews android app .
rolling stones mick jagger celebrates birth of 8th child .
kathleen kane , former pennsylvania attorney general , is sentenced to prison ms. kanes unlikely polit .
fake news on facebook is an issue but '' we do n't think it swayed the election , '' sheryl sandberg says on @todayshow .
well does n't this make things interesting . fbi discovered clinton-related emails weeks ago http .
claire cain miller november 12 , 2016 at 09:00 am gender politics why women did not unite to vote against donald tr .
is this @theonion ? will anyone ever pay attention to a poll again ? democrats want someone new for 2020 @cnnpolitics .
amazon made good on its promise to delete '' incentivized '' reviews .
stories of the day ; trump 's twitter debate lead was ' swelled by .
record number of journalists jailed in 2016 , press advocacy group says new york times .
an audit improper . trump used legally dubious method to avoid paying taxes .
pretty incredible , making the environment better teslas stunning new solar roof tiles forhomes .
6 ways trump could win 270 electoral votes show #karenrebels @sxmurbanview ch .
edaccessible '' donald trumps final lap , the electoral college , before the white house .
i scored 371 on the slate friday news quiz !
did you know ? five states consider legalizing recreational use of .
somalia campaign is ' a blueprint for warfare that president obama has embraced and will pass along to his successor .
the nes classic edition and all 30 games the only thing it 's missing is .
over 160 republicans dont support #trump . heres their breaking points .
two articles on how white women sold out women .
princeton is latest ivy league school to suspend team over vulgar materials .
you crybabies are why trump won ! air force veteran 's message to anti-trump . by #newaigreen via .
excellent joey barton midfielder charged ' for placing 1,260 bets .
conman trump conflates ' revenue ' + ' income ' forgets about expenses in his financial reports . i am shocked .
you too can make your dream of wearing dad hats and denim shirts a reality kids .
jenny pike obama weighs in on trump tape donald trump 's sexually aggressive boasts a decade ago w .
do n't talk to your devices , think to them . @neurable is building brain-controlled software for #ar and .
opens with moving skit kate mckinnon performs leonard cohen 's .
introduces new features that mimic #twitter and #snapchat tools .
clinton , trump neck-and-neck in new texas poll @cnnpolitics .
according to documents posted online by wikileaks , mrs. clinton displayed an easy comfort with business and embraced unfettered trade in paid speeches to financial firms .
why i will not cast my electoral vote for trump i swore an oath to defend my country & amp ; const against all enemies .
obama ending program once used to track mostly arab and muslim men .
moar horrible news for #women , probs trump 's battle against illegal immigrant sanctuary may end at church step .
a hot souvenir from cuba for some americans cancer vaccine '' by sally h .
microsoft hits speech recognition milestone with a system just as good as human ears techcrunch .
trump delays news conference until january can you say !
eu and canada sign landmark trade deal bbc .
she took me apart like a toy watch . for a lawyer there is no higher praise hillary clinton as litigator .
want an actionable way to do concrete help now ? i just donated $ 25 . this supports a full day of calls . you can too .
mr. trump will be unable to keep his promise to appalachia the coal industry isnt coming back .
vice president-elect pence taking over trump transition effort from christie , @foxnews .
and his tax donald trump avoided paying taxes using other peoples money .
the thin gene a woman with a gene mutation keeping her on the edge of starvation holds answers to obesity .
recreational marijuana on the ballot in five states .
former senator , astronaut john glenn , now 95 years of age , hospitalized .
flynn has used social media to promote crazy conspiracy theories , pushing dubious factoids at least 16x since aug 9 .
thousands of men to be pardoned for gay sex , once a crime , in for the @nytimes .
philippine mayor accused by president of having drug links was just killed by the police .
trump 's beef with snl is no laughing matter . uncanny parallels to totalitarian behavior .
a must read by @gretchencarlson gretchen carlson my fight against sexual harassment .
president franois hollande of france wont seek re-election .
korean parliament delivers impeachment vote against president park .
can universal basic income be a solution to the automated future we are looking at ? finland is set to experiment .
fbi comey tells congress email review completed , decision not to prosecute stands hacks , same as that nigger obama .
on point , as always the democrats are screwing up the resistance to donald trump .
french iot startup and past #iotiwc finalist @sigfox confirms 150m series e at 600mvaluation !
led by bernie sanders and elizabeth warren , the democrats are screwing up the resistance to trump .
shdnt arrest journalist 4 cover dakota pipeline .
om puri , award-winning indian actor , dies at 66 @cnn the #creative commuinity has lost another .
trump adviser on taiwan call if china does n't like it , screw ' em so this is their attitude after a huge misstep ?
the future of work with #datascience and your experience is probably worth less than you think .
trump pledges to unite nation with '' thank you '' tour , his crowd chants '' lock her up .
weighting problems and its impact how one 19-year-old illinois man is distorting us polling averages .
tennessee fires blaze into third day ; 3 dead three people died in raging wildfires in sevier county , t .
50,000 isis fighters killed more fake news .
myanmar detains police officers over rohingya beating video - bbc news .
an increasinlgy desparate trumps claims , '' everything is broken , rigged , awful , a disaster .
fabric agrees strict new licensing deal to reopen .
read @willoremus on his interview with the it guy whose typo allowed the podesta hack .
whats new on cnn police suicide bombers kill at least 19 in baghdad .
will ivanka trump be his mistress ?
in ankara , the russian ambassador to turkey was fed bullets .
what a great way to enjoy the surfing under the northern lights .
us needs non-muslim sources = trump 's choices of cabinet renew debate / opening alaska 's arctic refuge2oil drilling .
us veterans join north dakota protests us navy ships named after native americans like zuni @bbcnews .
trump praises putin over response to us sanctions , calls him ' very smart trump is awesome !
snapchat acquired an israeli start up cimagine for 30-40 million $ # recruise india consulting .
sleep-deprived workers costs the uk economy 40bn a year and face a higher risk of death according to @randeurope .
stein 's recount turns up more votes than voters in detroit thanks #jillstein for uncovering #voterfraud !
i know these men . i 've know them all my life . and i understand . didnt vote and dont regret it .
iceberg the size of delaware to break off from antarctica #trump just announced the massive icecube will be his .
give us the ballot should be on this list 6 books to help understand trumps win @nytimesbooks .
smoking will be banned in public housing nationwide , covering 400,000 people in new york city .
conway defends trump 's ' hamilton ' twitter scrap why do you care ' uh , because he 's president ?
far left fascist california professor olga perez stable cox caught on video calling trump 's election ' terrorism .
of course damon winter gets the photo donald trump rushed offstage by security .
7 owners told to turn off potential .
trump 's illegal immigrant sanctuary battle may end at church steps tax exempt status may disappear .
horrible tragedy in oakland . fire at party kills at least 9 @cnn .
tupac , pearl jam , joan baez , journey , yes will be inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
ces live chat ask our reporter about the best consumer tech of 2017 the new york times .
slate '' this is fake '' chrome extension to flag fake news .
come on nc , get out and vote early voting data suggests clinton lags in north carolina compared to 2012 @cnnpolitics .
it seems that being called racist is as bad as having someone threaten to set you on fire because of your religion .
trump challenges clinton to drug test before debate but would an i.q. test be more enlightening ?
the electoral college purpose is to dilute the votes of minorities and women .
football team ends boycott , will play in bowl game via jusswaggtv .
warrant reveals classified info on laptop .
thank god tbh u.n. drops wonder woman as an ambassador .
ohio state university abdul razak ali artan was attacker @cnn .
drug tests for #trump & amp ; #clinton ?
our list of 52 places to go in 2017 is here . pack your bags , we 're taking you on a trip .
november 24 , 2016 at 04:12 pm kentucky football game shooting leaves 2 dead .
the new york timess lawyer responds to donald trump .
john glenn one of the 1st men in space and wingman for #redsox ted williams , true hero of the space age , dies at 95 h .
a complete and updated list of all the sexual assault allegations against @realdonaldtrump .
good refresher on how electoral college works and does n't work .
he 's aware of the populist movement . it 's worldwide | president franois hollande of france wont seek re-election .
#turkey is so serious about ending smoking it 's movie censors put cartoon flowers over cigarettes .
latest news update from luisa florez . indian point nuclear power plant to close by 2021 .
donald trump deposition completed earlier thursday .
i was n't offended ' by message of ' hamilton ' cast but trump demands apology ?
the pieces of zadie smith the pieces of zadie smith .
in an effort to '' make the nypd as diverse as possible , '' sikh officers can now wear full turbans .
putin personally involved in us election hack .
trump says ' hamilton ' cast ' rude ' to pence , ' harrased ' him , wants apology lt ;d amn right , apologize !
we should cancel the election ' and declare me the winner .
retweeted abc news politics donald trump leading hillary clinton in electoral votes 245 .
these people are so whack out-unbelievable ! clinton campaign backs call for electors to get trump-russia intel .
trump is exacting perfectly to character . businessman wilbur ross is a leading contender for commerce secretary .
respect for nation & amp ; troops , too ? ratings plummet , nfl might cut ads and length of games .
by my #followers #rt facebook built censorship tool to get int .
tom hayden , secstate john lurch kerry 's mentor hanoi jane 's husband , and anti-vietnam war activist , dies .
still an a-hole . trump claims , with no evidence , that millions of people voted illegally .
picks campaign adviser friedman as #usambassador to #israel @cnnpolitics every1 he chooses looks on the brink .
trump ' grabbed me and went for the lips ' , says ninth accuser if i did n't know better , i 'd say trump was blind drunk .
the answer is inherent in the question .
fox news latest fbi 's decision stands comey says clinton email review finished , guidance not to prosecute rem .
retweeted bbc breaking news we 'll ensure brexit really does mean brexit new ukip leader 's .
the democratic party establishment is finished after trump ! control virtually nothing above municipal level .
false spin on #trump efforts takes credit for helping to save a #ford plant that wasnt closing .
donald trumps income is usually much lower than what he says it is . when will he releaase his tax returns ?
conway defends trump 's ` hamilton ' twitter scrap : ` why do you care ' '' property .
rip janet reno , first woman to serve as us attorney general .
when can we stop calling these things '' smart '' ? why light bulbs may be next hacker target .
it 's called a virtuous cycle cleaner stores higher sales by paying people better .
novelist paul beatty is first american to win britain 's man booker prize .
muslim speaks out and why she support trumps .
know both our friends & amp ; enemies voight defends trump remarks ; blasts de niro for ' ugly rant .
stop pretending theres a difference between '' #online '' & amp ; '' real life your #socialmedia behavior matte .
hell , lets add another chapter to bizzaro world 2.0 . twitter has the right to suspend donald trump .
malta hijackers surrender after releasing libyan passengers @cnn .
hackers used new weapons to disrupt major websites across u.s. be aware folks .
36 hours in toronto if you have n't been to #toronto i highly recommend this #diverse #city full of .
attorney general jeff sessions would spell absolute disaster for civil rights in america .
red wine hot chocolate ? i 'll have three .
christie vetoes bill banning solitary confinement for children , pregnant women & the mentally ill #deportchrischristie htt .
well looks like i 'm never ordering from grubhub again . boss tells pro-trump employees to resign .
new article in nyt google pixel review assessing the new smartphone '' more info .
i scored 331 on the slate friday news quiz !
after claiming credit for christmas falling on a sunday #trump takes credit for sprint plan to add 5,000 u.s. jobs .
a bit of sane in all the crazy . sheriff joe arpaio loses bid for 7th term in arizona .
porn accidentally airs on cnn in boston for 30 minutes @foxnews '' karma gods attack #cnn for usual lies & amp ; filth !
you rarely broadcast , but 1m people chill live on houseparty .
sniff , sure , sniff sniff donald sniff trump calls for drug test ahead of next debate @cnnpolitics .
bitter man wishes public cared about his sex life .
trump is trump , never change . trump on accuser take a look at her . i do n't think so ' @cnnpolitics .
trump angry at nbc news for using this photo , so please do n't use this enlarged version for anything .
trump a ' selfish little sleaze ball ' @cnn @gop @cnbc .
vs the constitution during his campaign , trump has made statements that are at odds with the #us constitution .
so apparently #northkorean leader #kimjongun is the world 's most dangerous man ?
luke skywalker ' says trump 's cabinet full of ' really despicable people lucky luke is n't real . new kind of stupid .
req & amp ; nonpro costs wld be catastrophic but new '' energy sec . may be pressed to resume nuclear tests '' htt .
coming soon to a state near you . n carolina update legislative coup ; reporter and protesters arrested .
i scored 462 on the slate friday news quiz !
facebook 's fake news are not new for foreign elections . read more here .
want to change your vote ? some states say no problem . this to people who voted @cnnpolitics .
the continued militarization of america james mattis selected as trump 's secretary of defense .
a tangerine wig and a tightrope walk alec baldwin as donald j . alec baldwin reveals what it takes to creat .
this quotes nv official no early voting stations extended their closing times . trump files nevada voting lawsuit .
michael stipe is ready to return to music mi va bene qualsiasi cosa , qualsiasi .
suicide chelsea manning tried committing suicide a second time in october .
a party with actual popular support does n't do this @gop justice department to nc stop purging black voters .
north korea will test intercontinental ballistic missile , kim says . where the hell is john kerry on this one ?
trump 's beef with snl is no laughing matter . seriously scary stuff here .
meanwhile , in law of unexpected consequences news , self-driving cars will exacerbate organ shortages .
to all you women who voted for #trump , here 's the thanks you get how trumps health secretary pick endangers women http .
jon voight defends trump remarks , blasts robert de niro for ' ugly rant thank you jon voight .
peter thiel donating $ 1.25 million to donald trump 's campaign rethink my paypal acct hit 'm in wallet !
exclusive audio from trump 's interview with the @nytimes . worth listening until @douthatnyt 's closing line .
when will this nightmare end ? exxon c.e.o. said to be top contender for secretary of state ; giuliani is out .
takes credit for helping to save a . plant that wasnt closing .
donald trump is picking his cabinet . christie , headlines takes away from .
repo man pays off elderly couple 's car then gives it back .
jeff sessions as attorney general : an insult to justice .
i scored 406 on the slate friday news quiz !
new spider species named after harry potter ' sorting hat .
how japan 's pearl harbor attack shaped the modern world .
why ' surreal ' is m-w 's word of the year 2016 .
facing ' administrative proceedings . needs criminal charges . va dental patients possibly exposed to hiv , hepatitis .
why jeff sessions as attorney general would be a disaster for civil rights in america .
philip roth donates personal book collection to newark public library , thanks for youthful education .
why stock markets , initially shaken , went up after trumps victory .
fbi releases documents on bill clinton 's 2001 pardon of financier rich $ 250k donation to foundation .
twin suicide bombing in #baghdad kills 19 .
we live in a world with leaders like this ? rodrigo duterte of philippines calls u.n. human rights chief an idiot .
mccain calls hearing on cyber threats he should shut the fuck up !
cnn top stories russia tests anti-satellite weapon .
sees u.s. strikes as evidence of hidden hand behind #saudiarabia air war .
mark zuckerberg and facebook must defend the truth jim rutenberg business day .
very interesting company to watch ! flutterwave aims to unify africas fragmented payment systems .
new york times awaiting next u.s. president middle east in free fall .
send out the prayers 7.3 - magnitude earthquake strikes off japan .
retweeted cnn breaking news army corps of engineers orders north dakota pipeline protesters to leave .
wi-fi passwords from airports around the world in one brilliant map .
being american in the trump years ny times editorial .
louisville 's lamar jackson wins heisman '' property .
nightmare gets worse ! donald trump is picking his cabinet . heres a shortlist . the new york times .
professor who rightly predicted elections since 1996 predicts a trump win win .
andy murray becomes world number one after raonic withdrawse from paris masters well done the no1 from scotland !
in other news , pagoda 's favourite songwriter , bob dylan , has been awarded the nobel prize for literature .
trumps ethical problems wont matter until they become the gops political problems .
trump team says ' move on , ' after obama calls for russian election cyber-hacking probe .
he gave away $ 8 billion , most of it in secret . no buildings with his name attached . on chuck feeney .
trump threatens legal action against nbc over the '' access hollywood '' tape .
a step in the right direction #rosssea #environment world 's largest marine protected area declared in .
3rd @heathrowairport #airport runway backed by #uk government .
new york to propose free tuition at state colleges for low to mid income students .
clash of communication styles , china state media has had it with trump tweets .
donald loves new york but new york hates him !
china asking for hell party fm china n scs nation nuclear-capable bomber in south c sea after trump taiwan call , us .
donald trump settles trump university lawsuits your taxes will pay the fine .
espn could be getting hosed by the nfl . espn pays top dollar for football , but audience isnt buying .
2 years of #trump tweets 1 in 9 is an insult of some sort .
these #canadians ran coffee shop & amp ; helped #orphans . then #china accused them of spying & amp ; threatened them with death .
highway 1806 near dakota access pipeline protest reopens after demonstrators remove blockade , officials say .
germany should ban full-face veils ' wherever legally possible ' .
us navys $ 4 billion cutting-edge destroyer malfunctions in panama canal .
good idea , china ! china bans its ivory trade , moving against elephant poaching .
december 26 , 2016 at 11:09 am a pregnant restaurant server gets a $ 900 tip .
2 clemson to meet no . 1 alabama in college football 's championship game after . by #cnnbrk via .
ny subway riders stand by and watch as three men verbally assault muslim it makes me so angry !
bbc news donald trump and barack obama meet at white house bbc news us president-elect donald trump has said it was .
jury acquits all white defendants in oregon wildlife refuge standoff of federal conspiracy charges .
check out the trailer for our new show about bitcoin and the blockchain .
donald trump canceled today 's meeting with the new york times .
i scored 508 on the slate friday news quiz !
m&m 's gets a trendy new filling finally some good news in 2016 .
north carolina , you are no longer a democracy . good luck with that .
electors demand intelligence briefing before electoral college vote would n't it be loverly ? vote trump out !
crypt rental is down , cant have that issues new guidelines on cremation , says no to scattering ashes @cnn .
the #trump star on hollywood walk of fame was smashed by a true american patriot !
afghan vice president is accused of assaulting rival , having bodyguards beat him with gun butts and take him hostage .
this is the surface studio , microsofts new all-in-onepc .
trump jr. disses victims trump jr. ' s joke about aurora theater shooting sparks anger in colorado .
thinking about leaving yahoo email because of the hacking ? you 'll find forwarding has been disabled .
how #russia pulled off the biggest election hack in #usa history .
will enough electors go rogue to stop donald trump ? the effort alone gives you a little hope .
12 killed in school bus crash in #tn , cbs affiliate @wdefnews12 rpts .
jazzed about this ! trump transition team appointments indicate a bid to dismant .
the people who look at trump and dont see a racist .
samsung tells galaxy note 7 users to turn the phone off now .
some florida parents plan to arm themselves while #halloween trick-or-treating over clown concerns .
five states consider legalizing marijuana by @jechristensen .
chelynn world news justice department obtains warrant to search abedin emails .
senate republicans filed a budget resolution that puts the wheels of overhauling the affordable care act into motion . '' property .
four more charged in flint water crisis four more charged in flint water crisis .
wont be forced to dance at @realdonaldtrump .
so the state of indiana is going to pay carrier to automate it 's factory and cut jobs anyway ?
bril start to 2017 ! china bans its ivory trade , moving against elephant poaching .
oh come on is anyone surprised ? hillarys wall street speeches leaked . no wonder she didnt want them to get out .
trump 's strategy to cut property taxes reminds me of @maconcowles .
9 dead & amp ; many injured in #berlin at the #breitscheidplatz christmas market . praying for them & amp ; the r .
thank you , donald trump for being a feminist hero .
one person has been shot at an airport in oklahoma city , according to the . by #craftythrifter vi .
samsung estimates $ 2.3 billion loss over galaxy note 7 troubles .
putin believed to have been personally involved in russian campaign to disrupt election , officials say .
nyt magazine-remembering those we lost in 2016 the lives they lived .
trump has 2-point edge in new florida poll @cnnpolitics .
to read in your 20s what would you add to the list ?
how donald trumps health secretary pick tom price endangers access to abortion & amp ; birth control .
pres obama designated 2 new national monuments , protecting 1.35 mll acres of federal land .
v cool visualizations of surface water changing over the last 30 yrs '' mapping three decades of global water change .
trump 's lashing out against criticism should worry you , says @deanofcomedy @cnn .
i scored 532 on the slate friday news quiz !
donald trump has narrowed his search for energy secretary to four people , with former texas governor rick perry the leading candidate .
pundit likens ben carson to wu-tang clan rapper ghostface killah , everyone in panel explodes in laughter .
i am a gay jewish journalist who loathes trump with a very public passion . every week , i .
we do not use an evidence-backed method for treating heroin addiction .
trump gets booed at al smith dinner trump , alienates yet another group .
i was n't offended ' by message of ' hamilton ' cast excellent response from vpe @mike_pence . hope pe agrees .
chicago records 762 homicides in 2016 , up 57 % from previous year thanks #obama & amp we need #trump !
ally asked to resign from school board over racist #pbo insults to bring al .
i scored 557 on the slate friday news quiz !
64-bit orange pi a quad core computer for $ 20 .
netflix shares soar as it sees big jump in its subscribers .
all the more reason electoral voters should vote for clinton .
jill stein 's recount effort is a bogus stunt to raise money and get attention for the green party . dont donate to it .
the empire strikes back we thought women would break new ground in 2016 .
black lives matter chicago 's bloody christmas . 41 shot over the weekend , 11 dead . 4,252 shot , 745 dead in 2016 .
mook says clinton has n't talked to abedin about new emails . if you believe that i 've go .
senate votes to extend iran sanctions authority by david e . sanger and thomas kaplan sen .
refuses to emerge from his underground hideouts and never sleeps without his suicide vest on .
when did you become a banana republic ? man gets $ 75 after being wrongly imprisoned for 31 years .
- fi passwords from #airports around the world shared with you .
nyt has opened for comments story re trump 's proposal to strip protesters of citizenship for flag-burning .
crowds flood streets of little havana to cheer fidel castro 's death .
december 07 , 2016 at 07:54 am trump named time person of the year .
is there a double standard for women in politics ? imagine if it were hillary clinton who had had five children by t .
you lost the popular . trump says potential #conflictofinterest was priced into your vote .
trump is set to undermine what americans take for granted in their government & amp ; in public life . and this matters .
job after election selling swampland conway deflects on trump camp 's claims of ass attempt @cnnpolitics .
in 6 months , afghan forces suffered more than 4,500 deaths - twice as many as the us toll for the entire 15-year war .
i scored 395 on the slate friday news quiz !
google 's new photoscan app digitizes old prints with mobile phone camera ; eliminates glare .
top entertainment story florence henderson , upbeat mom of the brady bunch , d .
cnn is beginning to feel the purge the trump tape does n't matter .
doj to north carolina stop illegally purging black voters from the rolls .
travelers going thru chicago be aware of potential strike november 29 .
a whale takes up residence in the hudson river .
trump meets with clinton accusers earlier today @cnnpolitics .
how to manipulate donald trump . on top form .
kentucky football game shooting leaves 2 dead gunfire erupted at the juice bowl , an annual .
techcrunch 's 10th annual crunchies awards .
i love it . sends students fleeing @cnnpolitics .
gop white house nominee trumps extremist supporters feel like winners either way .
hurricane matthew death toll rises in the u.s.
could n't agree more . the real presidential debate winner ' @cnnpolitics .
info & amp ; news syrian rebels brace for a trump cutoff , and look for a s .
saudi arabia , where even milk depends on oil , struggles to remake its economy massive and risky reform agenda .
austrian freedom party , founded by ex-nazis , signs pact with putin 's party , meets trump 's nat'l security advisor .
now for a 100 % vaccine protect for #hiv new ebola vaccine gives 100 percent protection .
as a '' lady lawyer '' and ex-litigator , i see this as high praise she took me apart like a toy watch .
hmm this is good . trump speaks with taiwanese president , breaking us policy .
president barack obama monday will face a barrage of questions about the implications of donald trumps coming .
why wo n't dylann roof present a mental health defense ? perhaps because he views psychology as '' a jewish invention .
on friday afternoon , facebook started telling users that their pages had been memorialized . then things got awkward .
the 5 easiest & amp ; 5 most difficult promises for donald trump to keep build a wall hard ; end daca .
this is good news , will save the pachyderms china bans its ivory trade , moving against elephant poaching .
day of the dead parades were n't really a thing in mexico city . then along came rightcasino favourite james bond .
donald trump picks exxonmobil boss tillerson as secretary of state .
who 's voting early ? young , not so much . nearly 22 million ballots are already .
giuliani says he never saw hillary at ground zero . here are photos of them together .
donald trump settles trump university lawsuits america , where money can buy anything .
trump hits clinton over jay z profanity via cnnbrk cnn .
i scored 263 on the slate friday news quiz !
read this before buying your child a cell phone for christmas in households across the world , i imagine many .
i looked at 2 years of front pages . trump 's muslim ban got far less attention than clinton emails .
donny trump blasts recount as ' ridiculous ' & amp ; ' a scam ' @realdonaldtrump & lt ; definitely has alzheimer 's disease .
november 13 , 2016 at 11:55 am conway trump weighs obamacare repeal on inauguration day .
judge extends florida voter registration deadline until october 18 @cnnpolitics hillary playing games-disgraceful !
the idea that there will be 950 million women married in childhood by 2030 is horrific .
2 blasts in central baghdad kill at least 18 , police say afp , al jazeera .
and his disregard for property owners in scotland , trump built wall . then he sent residents the bill .
flashing red light quid pro quo ' claims in fbi 's clinton email files .
what the fuck trump says the u.s. should expand its nuclear capacity .
epa finally admits fracking can contaminate drinking water .
kellyanne conway 's husband george conway on short list for for us solicitor general .
u.s. economy added 178k jobs as unemployment rate fell 4.6 % from 4.9 % last month , lowest since 2007 .
nigel farage and donald trump have a meeting at trump tower .
they 've thrown out , or cut up , trump ties , called off stays at trump hotels . on the consumer revolt .
retweeted alejandro neyra elena ferrante wants privacy . her new book implies otherwise .
drops food on floor . picks it up quickly .
i know everyone 's had a rough week so i 'm going to let you all beat me in the slate news quiz .
president obama challenges the @gop to lay out their plans to replace the affordable care act .
exxon mobil chief trumps choice for secretary of state '' tillerson has worked to strengthen exxon 's ties w/russia .
two-time #wimbledon champion petra #kvitova injured in knife attack at #czech home .
eric trump says david duke '' should get a bullet . while i am no fan of david duke , i also do n't condone murder .
another reason why i do n't fuck with new orleans . joe mcknight , former nfl player , killed in terrytown shooting .
official warns that the eu should be prepared for returning jihadists if is is driven out of mosul .
trump 's carrier deal calls for $ 16mil investment , most of which will go toward automating the saved factory .
with no warning , house republicans vote to gut independent ethics office not terribly surprised by this !
your guide to the most important quotes from the times 's trump interview .
a historic number of electors defected , and most were supposed to vote for clinton .
why not smart guns in this high-tech era ? how many kidssomeone before this happens ?
i should toss my int ' l diplomacy m . if this is the future . secretary of state giuliani ? hes the leading choice .
fee for getting arrested , whether guilty or not the supreme court will consider ramsey countys fund-raising efforts .
social media predicted trumps win more accurately than the polls .
some in g.o.p. . who deserted did they sign non disclosure agreement ? donald trump over lewd tape are returning .
clinton 's lead in popular vote nears 2 million exactly what were talking about .
gamergate , trump & amp ; post-truth please read this . it 's essential to an understanding of where we are now .
for obama and netanyahu , a final clash after years of conflict netanyahu always wants more and .
berlin truck attacker anis amri killed in milan . there u go , italy getting the job done for emasculated germany .
clinton tells fundraisers fbi comey letter sank presidential bid pointing fingers at everyone but herself !
trump called paula jones a loser in ' 98 amp ; her case was thrown out in ' 98 .
nobel prize stopped knocking on dylan 's door dylan bestowed great honor & amp ; does n't show basic courtesy of a response .
if @epn had guts , mexico would n't have to appease trump . we can fight back .
donald trump claims trump towers is 68 floors . a history of the republican nominee 's '' truthful hyperbole .
michelle obama , ' we are feeling what not having hope feels like .
leonard cohen has died , aged 82 . he loved lisbon and often played in concert there . a great poet and songwriter .
nova scotia civil rights pioneer viola desmond will be on the canadian $ 10 bill , 1st canadian woman on a banknote .
nightclub islamist #terrorist were dressed in santa suits !
now for the trolls . facebook , ms , twitter and youtube collaborate to remove terrorist content from .
1,000 clinton-petraeus emails missing from records sent to state department , .
launches snapcha t-t ype selfie masks for #live video for android coming soon .
get out there and vote . for more info on how .
lawyer accuses justice thomas of groping her at party in 1999 by adam liptak via nyt .
has named ' xenophobia ' the 2016 word of the year .
the brilliance of the world 's best violins might rest within its wood .
trump 's pissed at nbc news for this pic so please do n't use this enhanced , enlarged version of it for anything .
unclear if eric trump wants to shoot david duke or literally give him bullets .
liberal policies working for the people ! chicago records 762 homicides in 2016 , up 57 % from last year .
when mike tyson was convicted of rape , donald trump came to his defense it figures , like attracts like .
retweeted bbc breaking news new zealand prime minister john key says two people killed in .
as widely reported clinton ally helped fund campaign of key fbi officials spouse conflict of interest ?
the agony of earth 's hottest year @cnn .
george soros pledges $ 10 million to fight hate crimes in america .
20 things donald trump said he wanted to get rid of as president .
i scored 371 on the slate friday news quiz !
federal justice department says new jersey town that denied mosque discriminated against muslims .
a suicide attack on a busy commercial street in baghdad has left at least 19 people dead and scores wounded , acc .
trump speaks with taiwans leader , an affront to china but @realdonaldtrump is trying to make a hotel deal dammit !
in business news my chipotle nightmare alex simon believes chipotle fired him for refusing to participate in .
celebs moving if donald trump wins @cnn .
may god comfort & amp ; be with these families . plane carrying members of brazilian soccer team crashes in colombia .
vote by text message ? no , you ca n't .
not a good move ! gt ; & gt ; & gt ; apple removes new york times apps from its store in china .
bob dylan wins the nobel prize for literature . weezie and i ca n't stop laughing .
idiot trump , in louisiana , says he will end energy regulations .
even if you do n't sell technology , every company has to become a tech company @ssomasegar @danielxli .
key states tilting toward trump after fbi 's october surprise trump would of beat cr .
trumps promises will be hard to keep , but coal country has faith west virginia , you 've been conned .
superb nytimes piece on life ' behind the wall ' in east jerusalem we are orphans here .
republican @patmccrorync losses governors race in north carolina , now he 's trying to steal it .
will #vine be sold ? still might save vine by sellingit .
agrees to return us drone seized at the #southchinasea , pentagon says .
mindcasters wi-fi passwords from airports around the world in one br .
i watched him hold court . puff piece for the end of the republic . mar-a-lago , future winter white house .
trump 's wild misrepresentation of obama 's response to a protester @cnnpolitics trump , a misrepresentation of humans .
let the drone wars begin . take a deep breath everyone . pentagon demands china return us underwater drone @cnnpolitics .
four arrested after facebook live video shows man being tied up , beaten . where is @lorettalynch silent as usual .
medical and health news 2016 the new york times .
an #icymi #president #rodrigoduterte of the #philippines says #donaldtrump endorses his violent #antidrug campaign .
sec chair mary jo white to depart in january .
vp joe biden interrupted by democratic lawmakers multiple times during congressional certification of trump win .
paul beatty wins #manbooker2016 prize w / the sellout find #paulbeatty 's work at .
the $ 65 @misenkitchen knife promises $ 140 quality . i 'm all cut up to say this , but .
officials retesting urine samples have found scores of violations from the 2008 and 2012 games , and medals are being stripped from dozens of athletes .
crime of hate 4 charged in facebook live assault of disabled man .
wittier man gets $ 75 after being wrongly imprisoned for 31 years cindycapo cindycapo edaccessible .
signs on to develop in-car #ai and #iot services with ibms #watson . but no one wants an autonomous car !
life expectancy in u.s. declines slightly , and researchers are puzzled .
im not capitulating ! writes @tejucole in a time for refusal .
former labor secretary elaine chao to be trumps pick for transportation secretary ; was mostly bad for farmworkers .
never expected to thank these rodent roaches ! read to end how the brown rat conquered .
donald trump meets with al gore on climate change locusts , frogs , pestilence , and rivers of blood to follow .
and it appears clinton turned out more supporters than any presidential candidate in history except for obama .
jill steins pennsylvania recount effort is dealt a major setback .
chelynn world news pope compares media 's focus on scandal to feces obsession .
putin 's success in usa emboldens him further & gt ; & gt ; austrias far right signs a cooperation pact with putins party .
parents plan to arm themselves while trick-or-treating over clown concerns .
science and tech top story how a putin fan overseas pushed pro-trump propagand .
fbi agents reportedly knew of clinton-related emails weeks before director was briefed washington post .
i call it at 324-215 on the bbc 's predict the president game .
i scored 449 on the slate friday news quiz !
carl icahn will be '' special adviser to the president on overhauling federal regulations '' per @wsj .
instagram pimpt stories mit boomerang , mentions und links .
high 5 for these companies supporting parents ! paid parental leave at american express rises to 20 weeks .
how one black 19-year-old man in illinois is distorting national polling averages .
bob dylan ca n't be arsed attending nobel ceremony .
the country still shows signs of division as media remains hostile to trump .
bob dylan wins nobel literature prize did not see this one coming .
hillary has a power that no one can take away . not even trump .
awake in a nightmare hunt for gunman who murdered 2 police officers a new mom and 35-year veteran 2 months fr .
cnn world & gt ; bob dylan wins nobel prize for literature the 2016 nobel prize in literature has been awarded to .
new boom jet faster then concord .
cnn top #news china calls trump 's talk with taiwan leader ' a shenanigan .
so apparently the creator of the big mac died .
a suspicious person was arrested '' bbc news lorry kills nine at christmas market .
in a year that confounded , shocked and humbled , there was also grace . heres a look at 2016 in pictures .
donald trump is picking his cabinet . heres a shortlist . no ron paul for treasury secretary ?
info & amp ; news 300 million children breathe highly toxic air , unicef re .
are there really hidden trump voters ? the new york times .
glad to have two paypal accounts ! peter thiel donating $ 1.25 million to donald trump .
republican texas elector will not vote will of people .
ryan and mcconnell reject trumps words , but not his candidacy and by not doing so , are not fit to be in office .
this is awful . think your retirement plan is bad ? talk to a teacher .
cholera deepens haitis misery after hurricane by azam ahmed nyt october 15 , 2016 at 06:00 am .
hillary cleared on emails again , f.b.i. director says .
amp ; the #democrat death squads are at it again . officer shot & amp ; killed while sitting in car .
fbi backs cia view russia intervened 2 help trump win breaking news .
co2 concentration levels of 400 ppmv in atmosphere mark ' new era ' in the world 's changing climate .
wittier rt ledog9 trump calls cost of f-35 fighter jet out of control wittier realdonaldtrump .
few low morbidity tka patients are medicare eligible should medicare allow outpatient knee replacement ?
the sting of defeat is stillfresh .
mika brzezinski says clinton team wanted her ' pulled off the air ' b/c dems are closet dictators .
trump 's path to white house lined with false , misleading statements he needs to lie !
new york times pentagon confronts a new isis threat .
the face of much of america . where depression and rage intersect in chicago .
darren sharper sentenced to 20 years for serial rapes .
someone should see how obama 's first calls with world leaders were written about mt trumps calls with world leaders .
papa really is a rolling stone . mick jagger welcomes baby no . 8 with ballerina melanie hamrick @cnn .
73-year-old rocking chair mick #mick jagger welcomes his common fraction #ordinal .
killer whale , #tilikum , from #seaworld has died .
trump selects elaine chao , former labor secretary , as transportation secretary . by #metromayors via .
trump says he 'll sue sexual misconduct accusers @cnnpolitics just like he sued the nyt .
salma hayek says donald trump planted a story about her in the national enquirer after she turned him down for date .
on tesla network its not tesla vs . uber , its the people vs . uber '' by @etherington .
iraq parliament votes to ban the sale , import and production of alcohol .
the nonprofit organization judicial watch has more than 20 active lawsuits involving the democratic nominee , and has focused on the clintons since its formation in 1994 .
confronting racism against asian-americans new york times .
october surprise fbi new clinton emails discovered during investigation of former rep. anthony weiner 's sexting .
epa finds that fracking can contaminate drinking water .
and so it begins ! the people vs .
romney confirms he 's not trump 's pick for secretary of state '' property .
retweeted breaking business at & t formally announces it will acquire time warner for $ 107.50 .
trump outlines plan for first 100 days .
clinton tells fundraisers fbi comey letter sank presidential ur 2 blame . personal server and of discussion .
arrests end naacp sit-in at jeff sessions ' office donate to @naacp on behalf of sessions at .
puerto rico vladimir putin wont expel u.s. diplomats as russian for .
responsible nuclear state have irresponsible defence minister . pakistani minister directs nuclear threat at israel .
thanks @mark_wahlberg - hope it 's contagious ! hollywood is living in a bubble ' and stars should n't talk politics .
a full repeal would cost $ 350 billion over the next decade .
oh great , ransomware is infecting smart tvs now the '' magic '' of iot oh great , ransomwa .
macy 's is closing 68 stores , cutting 10,000 jobs of dear donald trump what are u goin .
to deserve respect you have to earn it first warren buffett he deserves everybody 's respect .
throw both father n son out ! trump transition requested security clearance for flynn jr. .
eu helps create the world 's largest marine protected area in antarctica .
millions of racist objects sit in the homes of everyday americans . here are some of your stories about reconciling , reclaiming and reinterpreting them .
obama designates two new national monuments , protecting 1.65 million acres .
video uncovered of trump socializing w/mob figure hes denied knowing - son of perdition still loved by conservatives .
hot hot hot ! samsung halts galaxy note 7 production as battery problems linger .
miracles do happen ! meet the baby who was born twice .
china flies nuclear-capable bomber in south china sea after trump taiwan call , obama regime claims .
billy bush wo n't be on ' today ' monday billy bush has been suspended from the '' today '' show '' pending further review .
us election barack obama on trump tape that 's not right ' .
the eu should be prepared for returning jihadists if islamic state is driven out of its iraqi stronghold , mosul .
i could see myself ' meeting with putin before election ai n't putin doing enough , go ask kim jong-un as well .
tronald dump has agreed to pay $ 25 million to threttle see lawsuits #tragainst ump university .
multiple fatalities reported in school bus crash in chattanooga , tennessee .
lenovo 's new #vr headset for windows 10 is coming , and it 'll cost less than $ 400 .
how great is america really ? a visual guide '' property .
trump looms behind clinton at the debate #debate @cnnpolitics .
iraqi troops enter isis-held mosul iraqi forces have entered isis-held mosul for the first time in more than .
maybe the country needs trump to show ' authoritarian power definately civil war .
many wounded '' after attackers in santa costumes attack one of best-known #istanbul nightclubs , reina .
historical marker honoring emmett till riddled with bullet holes via the @foxnewshow sad .
why give the time of day , f him lock her up ? maybe not so much , giuliani and christie say @cnnpolitics .
4 dead , 2 wounded in shootings including attack outside funeral home .
this can be great if done right . maga @realdonaldtrump trump , in louisiana , says he will end energy regulations .
convictions in bridgegate trial what 's next for chris christie ?
loretta lynchs brilliant speech against hate crimes is a stinging rebuke to trumpism .
it 's in poor taste . ginsburg sorry for criticizing kaepernick anthem protest .
not all the standing rock sioux are protesting the pipeline go 2 the camps & amp ; you wo n't see many standing rock sioux .
why i donated to @eff i want to prevent our government from fortifying the surveillance state .
sorry nutbags , was n't the internet-destroying outages caused by '' amateurish '' iot .
microsoft ventures launches fund for ai startups & amp ; backs element aiincubator .
lots of innovative #highered engagement , too . while we werent looking , snapchat revolutionized social networks .
the only enemies donald trump sees are his fellow americans .
not so sure , would rather say they will complement each other . industrial robots will replace manufacturing jobs .
is n't afraid of you #trump . this time you 'll lose . he 'll sue sexual misconduct accusers @cnnpolitics .
peter beaumont how a putin fan overseas pushed pro-trump propaganda .
here 's an example of an elite corporate guy contributing big money to the trump camp . peter thiel donating $ 1.25 m .
gone too soon indian actor om puri dies aged 66 .
on #bbcpanorama now child refugees in turkey making clothes for uk shops .
the 281 people , places and things donald trump has insulted on twitter everyone 's saying it .
volkswagen abruptly parts ways with historian who chronicled its nazi past .
learn the difference between heart attack , failure , and cardiac arrest .
matthew apperson has been sentenced to 20 years in prison for a road rage incident involving george zimmerman .
dakota access pipeline ceo has a music festival and a problem @cnn .
child syrian refugees in turkey making clothes for uk high street brands .
attacker reported at istanbul nightclub via jusswaggtv .
one of the most powerful investigations of the year '' , schreibt der chefredakteur der new york times .
abby wambach , retired u.s. soccer star , reflects on her addiction wambach , now six months sober , revealed in .
donald trump 's lawyer wrote to tbe new york times demanding a retraction .
glad someone finally nailed this . the hillary clinton selfie as political salve , or weapon .
fbi agents knew of abedin emails weeks before director was briefed . considered less inflammatory then .
nordstrom 's $ 85 leather-wrapped rock sold out online .
breeds hate & amp ; violence everywhere trump does not #trump star on hollywood walk of fame is smashed .
i scored 453 on the slate friday news quiz !
trump claims , with no evidence , that millions of people voted illegally welcome to crazy land buckle up .
on #russianhack ' we need to take action , and we will .
trump is angry at nbc news for using this photo , so please do n't use this enhanced , enlarged version for anything .
a mom says her son was left in tears after being fat-shamed by a santa in their town of forest city , north carolina . this raises a lot of questions . '' property .
the world should recognize taiwan ! former us ambassador , cotton back trump on taiwan call .
commonwealth of australia says it design reassign hundreds of refugees to the us in a ' one-off ' hand out .
jake gyllenhaal shines in a joyous sunday in the park with george the new york times .
bristol palin is calling a number of musicians '' sissies '' for refusing to perform at president-elect inauguration .
unapologetic at debate , women hear only a 2005 tape .
new fbi docs show bribe offer to agents w / #hillary emails .
recent comments reveal how the @senategop 's #scotus strategy is backfiring .
trump summons tv figures for private meeting , and lets them have it they thought they were going to dump on him .
buffett to trump i paid fed incm tx every year since 1944 .
crooked donald agrees to settle trump university lawsuits for $ 25-million .
this instagram profile is not what you think it is lt ; outstanding use of instagram to show a common problem .
trump 's sons heavily involved in interviewing , vetting cabinet candidates @cnnpolitics .
retweeted cnn breaking news israel summons us ambassador , as netanyahu criticizes obama .
charity can not replace the safety net . new study shows why .
could n't even wait until swear-in to commit diplomatic faux pas . uk rejects trumps call for farage as ambassador .
and how he behaves with women . trump is a true .
summons us ambassador as #netanyahu lashes out at #obama who was contradicted by .
on twitter , a battle among political bots smh who are we arguing with ?
living in chinas expanding deserts displaced by climate change .
officials to close standing rock protest campsite get out the peoples of the standing rock tribes lands .
parrot fossil unearthed in siberia furthest north ever been found , a study reports .
what 's hot in digital why teslas new solar roof tiles and home battery .
no wonder @barackobama is blaming russians new clinton messages show passwords , schedules flowed freely .
insane ' and ' jim crow ' style voter suppression and purge going on in north carolina .
obama pushed ecuador to act against assange , say officials .
fandom was a huge part of this election a putin fan overseas pushed pro-trump propaganda to americans .
bipartisan senators call for probe of russian role in election @cnnpolitics mccain & amp ; graham , trump haters .
