ryan gosling and emma stone [UNK] in [UNK] la la land the new york times .
the creator of atari has launched a new vr company [UNK] [UNK] .
philippine mayor accused of drug links by duterte is killed by police .
standing rock was never just about the pipeline .
10-times deported mexican man accused of raping a child on a bus .
trump calls for revoking flag burners citizenship . court rulings forbid it .
the ceasefire in aleppo has been underway by [UNK] .
i went undercover with a militia on the us-mexico border .
how trump reshaped the election map the new york times .
donald trumps new york times interview in 12 tweets .
judge declares mistrial in trial of ray tensing , who faced murder charges for death of sam dubose .
the last day to register to vote in new york . voter registration deadlines .
video shows north carolina school officer [UNK] girl , 15 , to floor '' property .
astronomers unveil incredibly detailed new milky way map '' property .
how donald trump talks about the rest of america he [UNK] with his [UNK] by [UNK] others .
every 7 seconds , a young girl becomes a bride , report says .
this is the darkest , most devastating short pixar [UNK] have ever [UNK] .
black friday online sales to hit a record-breaking $ 3 billion , over $ 1 billion from mobile .
bernie sanders where the democrats go from here .
teaching 7th graders in a total mess of an election season .
thousands take to streets in major cities to protest trump election .
princeton calls its men 's swimming and diving team after [UNK] [UNK] .
the police use facial recognition tools with little oversight , study says .
junko tabei , first woman to conquer everest , dies at 77 .
hillary clinton is a ' moral , ethical choice ' for republicans .
retweeted fox news activist groups stoke fears , raise funds off incoming trump administration .
fake us embassy in ghana shut down after issuing illegally obtained authentic visas for a decade .
for people with cancer , the [UNK] trial can be a lifeline . but minorities have less access .
new polls show tight clinton-trump race nationally @cnnpolitics .
new york times election front pages .
boss tells pro-trump employees to resign via the @foxnews android app .
nypd officer dies , another wounded in bronx shootout via the @foxnews app .
eric trump may have broken law with ballot tweet .
jay clayton , wall street lawyer , is trump pick to lead sec .
obama says no foreign terror [UNK] has attacked us in 8 years .
12 books to read in your 20s .
rockettes not required to dance at trump inauguration , company says .
latest news update from luisa florez . researchers accidentally turn carbon dioxide into ethanol .
voice shaking , michelle obama calls trump comments on women intolerable .
[UNK] students reunite with families in nigeria .
killer whale at center of ' blackfish ' dies via cnnbrk cnn retweet .
trump derides intel briefing on ' so-called ' russian hacking '' property .
the agony of earth 's hottest year '' property .
vesna vulovic , flight attendant who survived jetliner blast , dies at 66 .
celebrate hamilton day , an even better math holiday than pi day .
leon russell , hit maker and musicians musician , dies at 74 .
cnn 's zucker must come [UNK] clean on brazile probe .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
an oklahoma newspaper endorsed clinton . it hasnt been forgiven .
trump says he will remove himself completely from his businesses to focus on presidency .
colin powell says hell vote for clinton .
amazon makes good on its promise to delete '' incentivized '' reviews .
alaska , reliant on air transit , faces pilot shortage . are drones an answer ?
twitter 's sales team may take a hit in big upcoming layoffs .
donald trump settles trump university lawsuits .
trump to interview exxonmobil ceo for secretary of state via jusswaggtv .
three mobile hack six million customers ' data at risk after employee [UNK] used to access database .
man armed with assault rifle at d.c. pizza [UNK] police say .
russia 's ambassador to turkey is assassinated in ankara .
recounts barely making dent in election results ; trump gains in wisconsin .
dems target eight trump nominees in bid to delay process , get picks to disclose more info .
the reasons why twitter wo n't let anyone save vine .
mars is about to get new inhabitants , both in orbit and on its surface .
snoop dogg slams colin kaepernick for castro praise , says choose between football , revolution .
maine just voted for a better way to vote .
russian president vladimir putin has announced a ceasefire between the syrian government and the opposition .
genetic heart disease risk eased by healthy habits , study shows via the @foxnews app .
nigel farage , donald trump hold meeting '' property .
chelynn world news trump 's lawyers admit that there was no fraud in the presidential election .
1 patient , 7 tumors and 100 billion cells equal 1 striking recovery .
andy murray becomes world number one after raonic withdraws from paris masters .
clinton tells fundraisers fbi comey letter sank presidential bid via the @foxnews android app .
reuters finds lead levels higher than flints in thousands of locales .
senate votes to extend iran sanctions [UNK] .
paul beatty becomes the first american to win the man booker prize .
obama takes new action to ban arctic drilling thank you president obama .
can your own immune system kill cancer ?
carrie fisher says she and harrison ford had an affair on the set of star wars .
iowa police arrest suspect in ambush killings of two officers .
judge rebukes florida 's top election official @cnnpolitics .
france urges uk to take more children the new york times .
obama vows action against russia for hacks via cnnbrk cnn retweet .
va hospital left deceased veteran in shower room for 9 hours , report finds .
mexico city holds first day of the dead parade .
clinton tells fundraisers fbi comey letter sank presidential bid via the @foxnews android app .
instagram will now let creators add url links , tag friends , and create boomerangs .
5 things to think about before buying your child a cell phone for christmas .
kathleen kane , former pennsylvania attorney general , is sentenced to prison new york times .
the married journalist who rejected trumps advances ? he tried to fire her .
actor william christopher , best known father john mulcahy on ' m * h .
std rates reach record high in united states #usefulupdates check it out here .
it really is insane that trump got away with not releasing his tax returns .
the creator of atari has launched a new vr company called [UNK] .
prince harry denounces media coverage of his girlfriend , meghan markle .
air pollution kills 600,000 children [UNK] #environment [UNK] @cnn .
multiple people dead in airport shooting , sheriff says .
us abstains in key israel vote , clearing way for condemnation of settlements .
labor secretary pick is 4th top trump figure who 's been accused of assaulting wo .
carrier to ultimately cut some of jobs trump saved .
alan thicke , reassuring father on growing pains , dies at 69 .
the art of the art of the scam .
donald trump calls for investigation into russian hacking probe .
us , turkey agree to [UNK] plan to seize de facto isis capital of raqqa in syria .
abc news staged crime-scene shot , photo shows .
man coughed and heaved for 13 minutes during execution #usefulupdates check it out here .
more than 160 republican leaders dont support donald trump . heres when they reached their breaking point .
starbucks ceo howard schultz to step down .
1,000 clinton-petraeus emails missing from records sent to state , fbi files show .
is donald trump already walking away from campaign promises ?
starburst ventures closes $ 200 million debut fund to back space tech [UNK] .
the aclu is receiving an outpouring of support the new york times .
donald trump is picking his cabinet . heres a shortlist . the new york times .
worries over health of king bhumibol adulyadej thailand .
china bans its ivory trade , moving against elephant poaching this is very interesting .
male birth control shot worked effective , but study says on side effects .
obama 's gift to trump a ' pretty solid ' economy .
donald trump finds improbable ally in wikileaks new york times .
trump names children to transition team , creating [UNK] conflict of interest .
trending techcrunch news @mikeyuhn monese raises $ 10m series a for its banking .
6 books to help understand trumps win .
donald trump is an emotional weakling . heres how to manipulate him .
while you were n't looking , trump released a plan to privatize roads and [UNK] .
gop leaders created the myth of the '' rigged vote . now [UNK] trying to [UNK] from it .
plane [UNK] a brazilian soccer team crashes in colombia , killing 76 .
all defendants found not guilty of oregon [UNK] .
retweeted fox news politics clinton advisers point fingers at huma abedin , inner .
meet dot , the new children 's show character inspiring girls to embrace .
rodrigo duterte says donald trump endorses his violent antidrug campaign .
mobile internet use passes desktop for the first time , study finds .
trump names carl icahn as adviser on [UNK] [UNK] wall street [UNK] .
in a california valley , healthy food everywhere but on the table .
why its not wrong to wish muslims merry christmas .
trump team responds to alt-right leader via cnnbrk cnn retweet .
watch jon stewart recount his vicious twitter war with donald trump .
positive ratings for president obama as he exits via the @foxnews android app .
kathleen kane , former pennsylvania attorney general , is sentenced to prison new york times .
hillary clinton presses her advantage over a struggling donald trump .
a berlin square where the prewar , postwar and modern eras coexist new york times .
after the deaths of these 10 notable people , @nytimes photographed their private spaces as they left them .
us abstains as un demands resolution to end israeli settlements new york times .
i can not lie , rodrigo duterte says , confirming he did kill people as mayor .
i 'm not a gang member . i have a criminal record .
the lawyer who became duponts worst nightmare the new york times .
portland police say anti-trump protest is ' riot ' via the @foxnews app .
tom hayden , famed anti-vietnam war activist , dies '' property .
meet dot , the new children 's show character inspiring girls to embrace tech .
[UNK] carlos alberto brazil legend dies aged 72 .
hillary clinton 's lead in popular vote nears 2 million @cnnpolitics .
winnie-the-pooh gets a new friend '' property .
berlin police says 9 dead and many injured .
trump wants to drain the swamp , but change will be complex and costly .
trump [UNK] obama to veto un resolution on israeli settlements .
i had a scary dream about donald trump muslim parents face a tense election .
trump to nominate tom price as hhs secretary .
pope extends power to forgive abortion '' property .
facebook launches augmented reality selfie '' masks '' for live video .
a call to action for journalists covering president trump .
medical and health news that stuck with us in 2016 .
[UNK] projected by abc news for @realdonaldtrump .
george soros pledges $ 10 million to fight hate crimes new york times .
gordon hamilton , climate scientist , dies in accident in antarctica .
the new york times police arrest suspect in custody .
i 'm ' embarrassed ' by the campaign '' property .
police fire rubber bullets as pipeline protesters try to protect burial site .
woman thrown in front of subway train is killed , police say new york times .
trumps voters dont support deportation , and other surprises from the 2016 exit polls .
russia requires apple and google to remove linkedin from local app stores .
puts clinton 's chance of winning at [UNK] % .
the new york times we need a latino spring in this country .
latest unpaid trump vendor is his own pollster , filing shows .
tasmanian [UNK] milk fights superbugs via the @foxnews android app .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
donald trump is picking his cabinet . heres a shortlist . the new york times .
un apologizes 4 haitis cholera epidemic [UNK] noting it brought the disease .
megyn kelly leaving fox news for nbc news via jusswaggtv .
there are [UNK] times as many galaxies in the universe as we [UNK] thought .
donald trump is appealing a court order thursday that sink in . by [UNK] [UNK] .
threatens podcast app makers , argues that rss readers violate copyright via the @foxnews android app .
emotions high in final days #usefulupdates check it out here .
hillary clintons team to join wisconsin recount pushed by jill stein .
dow zooms over 1,000 points since trump victory .
pan pan , father to a generation of pandas , dies in china .
airpr raises $ 5m to bring more [UNK] to pr .
denouncing trump as a liar [UNK] among point of authoritarian propaganda [UNK] .
doubts about the promised bounty of genetically modified crops .
twitter still might save vine by selling it .
retweeted cnn breaking news new spider species discovered by indian scientists named after .
more democrats should be talking like harry reid right now .
missing woman found chained ' like a dog via jusswaggtv .
hillary clinton leads by 5 heading in to final two weeks .
oakland fire was a rare mass casualty blaze . fire codes help explain why . new york times .
zsa zsa gabor dies at 99 #usefulupdates check it out here .
first exit polls voters not excited about clinton or trump .
time mag brands trump a ' huckster , ' calls clinton ' an american moses .
[UNK] military probes mysterious arctic pinging noise .
chelynn world news isis commander killed in mosul , iraqi sources says .
mike rowe to flag-burning students if you hate america , do n't accept federal . by [UNK] via .
michigan unemployment agency under gov . rick snyder made 20,000 false fraud accusations .
fed raises interest rates in 2016 , and only the second in 2016 .
woman says trump reached under her skirt and groped her in early 1990s .
suspect [UNK] 'd in separate ambush-style attacks that killed 2 iowa police officers .
with trumps win silicon valley investors start losing their minds .
russia requires apple and google to remove linkedin from local app stores .
china orders xinjiang residents to surrender passports to police '' property .
the lives they lived remembering the notable people we lost in 2016 .
cities vow to fight trump on immigration , even if they lose millions .
more democrats should be talking like harry reid right now .
trump will be the only world leader to deny climate change .
tech news read by [UNK] [UNK] silicon valleys culture , not its [UNK] .
8 dead , 25 others wounded in chicago shootings .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
trumps electoral college victory ranks [UNK] in [UNK] elections the new york times .
ditch the resolutions , @jenniferweiner says . try revolution instead .
trump is said to offer interior job to ryan zinke , montana lawmaker .
donald trumps victory was built on unique coalition of white voters .
federal judge extends voter registration in florida to october [UNK] due to hurricane matthew .
obama to dismantle [UNK] visitor registry before trump can revive it .
watch jon stewart recount his vicious twitter war with donald trump .
greek police use tear gas , stun grenades to quell anti-obama protesters in athens via the @foxnews app .
gordon hamilton , climate scientist , dies in accident in antarctica .
fort lauderdale airport shooting five people shot dead by florida gunman .
all tesla cars built from today on have all hardware needed for full self-driving .
there are two trillion galaxies in the universe . the new york times .
estonia funderbeam is building a blockchain-based '' stock exchange '' by [UNK] .
peter thiel donating $ 1.25 million to donald trump 's campaign .
a whale takes up residence in the hudson river .
issues where trumps cabinet picks and most americans [UNK] .
fox news poll clinton leads trump by 7 pts .
house gop votes to gut independent ethics office .
trump saved jobs at carrier by making the same deal american politicians always make .
rodrigo duterte of philippines calls u.n. human rights chief an idiot via nyt the new york times .
federal judge warns trump campaign on voter intimidation in ohio .
soldier in uniform attacked after philadelphia parade , family says via the @foxnews android app .
this pill could make your dog live longer .
billy bush suspended from ' today ' show billy bush suspended from ' today ' show .
how one 19-year-old illinois man is distorting national polling averages .
sorry , north carolina , but you do n't really count as a democracy anymore .
gop on brink of new cold war over whether to work with russia .
army blocks drilling of dakota access oil pipeline new york times .
donald trumps victory , on front pages worldwide .
wikileaks is '' disgraceful , '' should be like death penalty or something .
here 's who and who is not performing at trumps inauguration .
how hip-hop turned on trump and settled for clinton .
carrie fisher says she and harrison ford had an affair on the set of star wars .
new york asks u.s. to pay trump security costs ; puts first bill at $ 35 million .
carl paladino , trump ally , wishes paladino , wishes obama should be '' let loose in the outback of
how trump reshaped the election map the new york times .
time to end the electoral college the new york times .
who likes trump & rsquo ; s top white house strategist ? nazis and the kkk .
should you let your dog lick your face ?
australian police thwart attack possibly planned for christmas day @cnn .
beware , iphone users fake retail apps are surging before holidays .
debbie reynolds , mother of carrie fisher , dies .
jared kushner talks of a trump tv network with a media deal maker .
trumps threat to jail clinton also targets democracys institutions .
some in fbi ' actively working ' to help #donaldtrump .
gop leaders created the myth of the '' rigged vote . now [UNK] trying to [UNK] from it .
leonard cohen dead at 82 .
peter thiel donating $ 1.25 million to donald trump 's campaign .
federal judge extends voter registration in florida to october [UNK] due to hurricane matthew .
why light bulbs may be the next hacker target the new york times .
in less than four minutes , saturday night live shows exactly how trump breaks the media .
at liberty university , all sins are forgiven on the altar of football .
watch kate mckinnon perform leonard cohens hallelujah .
13 people killed , 31 injured in california tour bus crash .
clinton focuses on pushing turnout headed into election day '' property .
trump allies focus anger on another target '' property .
the year white liberals realized how unjust , racist , and sexist america is .
the new blue and red educational split is replacing the culture war .
xoon , a [UNK] [UNK] , believed to have the largest sound inventory of any language .
david plouffe what i got wrong about the election .
tom hayden , famed anti-vietnam war activist , dies '' property .
serial killer stephen port found guilty of murdering four men .
trump calls cost of f-35 fighter jet out of control the new york times .
hillary clinton likely received more votes than any presidential candidate [UNK] obama .
vatican issues new guidelines on cremation , says no to scattering ashes @cnn .
conservatives who insisted that electing trump president would be a terrible mistake are now seeing the upside .
federal judge extends voter registration in florida to october [UNK] due to hurricane matthew .
at least 35 killed , 40 wounded in #reina nightclub attack , istanbul governor . by [UNK] via .
investigators [UNK] where woman found chained inside shipping container .
trumps threat to jail clinton also targets democracys institutions .
abc news staged crime-scene shot , photo shows .
at least 9 are dead after fire at warehouse party in oakland .
fake amazing [UNK] series fake news .
china bans its ivory trade , moving against elephant poaching this is very interesting .
biden on weiner i 'm not a big fan ' '' property .
no , you ca n't vote by text message #usefulupdates check it out here .
calls to crisis , suicide prevention hotlines surge post-election '' property .
[UNK] will suspend trump 's account if he violates their policies ; facebook says it wo n't : .
what kids wish their teachers knew what kids wish their teachers knew .
why men dont want jobs done mostly by women .
earthquake in indonesia 's aceh province kills [UNK] .
bowe bergdahl , facing desertion trial , asks obama for pardon .
spree of obama actions revives gop concerns over midnight regs , agenda .
wikileaks releases transcripts of clinton goldman sachs speeches about god damn time .
fearing trump , bar association [UNK] report calling him a libel bully .
trump calls clinton vote recount effort ' ridiculous , ' a ' scam .
justice department to track use of force by police across u.s. . the new york times .
what does donald trump do when he thinks no one 's looking ? watch this to find out .
trump transition asks 4 names of those working @ state to counter extremism .
at least 9 dead , dozens injured after truck plows into berlin christmas market in apparent terror attack .
[UNK] top mormons in all-out revolt against donald trump .
two minutes ' silence marks day of national remembrance .
hillary clinton 's lead in popular vote nears 2 million @cnnpolitics .
after #carrier pledge to keep jobs in us , more companies may follow .
for fact-checking website snopes , a bigger role brings more attacks .
rex [UNK] company , exxon , has billions at stake over sanctions on russia .
former nfl player kevin turner diagnosed with cte .
broken promises of genetically modified crops new york times .
australian police thwart attack possibly planned for christmas day @cnn .
we are not planning on erecting a deportation force ' @cnnpolitics .
showed once again that race is and has always been about his ego .
journalism faces an ' existential crisis ' in trump era '' property .
clinton ' has to go to jail donald trump said hillary clinton is go to jail to jail .
child refugees in turkey making clothes for uk [UNK] - bbc news .
trump announces son has agreed to softbank , has agreed to invest $ 50 billion in u.s. .
musk on tesla network its not tesla vs . uber , its the people vs .
how stable are democracies ? warning signs are flashing red .
backtrace , a debugging startup led by former appnexus engineers , raises $ 5m .
kellyanne conway 's husband on trump short list #usefulupdates check it out here .
russian officials were in contact with trump allies , diplomat says .
why its not wrong to wish muslims merry christmas .
i 'm with @berniesanders . the next dnc chair should be @keithellison . add your name if you agree .
uber 's self-driving truck delivers its first payload .
danny elfman [UNK] scores a video [UNK] footage of trump [UNK] behind hillary clinton .
hurricane matthew toll climbs to at least 17 as north carolina [UNK] record-breaking flooding .
retweeted fox news california history teacher placed on leave after comparing trump to hitler .
poll finds clinton and trump tied in utah as a potential spoiler surges .
judge jeanine slams obama why are you so obsessed with russia ?
trumps election leaves angela merkel as the liberal [UNK] last defender .
trump claims credit for $ 50 billion investment by japanese firm the new york times .
as ratings plummet , n.f.l. considers reducing ads and length of games new york times .
trump kicks off ' thank you ' tour via cnnbrk cnn retweet .
theresa may scolds kerry for focus on israel settlements .
lets not be divided . divided people are easier to rule .
trent partridge harry reid comey may have violated the hatch act .
us is sending 200 more troops to syria to help fight isis .
scores big in q3 earnings $ 7.01 b revenue and 1.79 b users .
uss [UNK] fired on again off coast of yemen .
bottled water or [UNK] how much does your choice matter ? take the quiz .
hollywood is living in a bubble ' and stars should n't talk politics .
florida airport [UNK] may have heard voices urging violence , officials say .
apple removes new york times apps from [UNK] store in china .
5 things to think about before buying your child a cell phone for christmas .
facebook , microsoft , twitter and youtube collaborate to remove terrorist content from their services .
the strain in american-israeli relations is dividing jews in the united states .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
trump 's tax plan would add to debt and hillary clintons wouldnt , study finds .
outlines plan for first 100 days [UNK] , rant at a new business [UNK] .
is america a failed state and society ? check it out here .
samantha bee calls out white people & amp ; specifically white women for ruining america .
google will ban websites that host fake news from using its ad .
hillary clinton is a ' moral , ethical choice ' for republicans .
religious experiences can activate reward systems in your brain as doing drugs .
in buying the home of hbo and cnn , at & t [UNK] .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
stephen colbert & amp ; john oliver & amp ; john oliver talked about donald trump 's election .
trump is angry at nbc news for using this photo of him , so please do n't use this enhanced
unarmed 73-year-old man fatally shot by bakersfield police '' property .
internet-destroying outages were caused by '' amateurish '' iot malware / boing boing .
why pop culture just cant deal with black male sexuality .
north korea preparing for another ballistic missile launch , sources say .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
i would 've voted for trump #usefulupdates check it out here .
russia 's reportedly been cultivating relationship with trump for five years .
you rarely [UNK] , but 1m people chill live on houseparty .
scores big in q3 earnings $ 7.01 b revenue and 1.79 b users .
two years after super-hack of us secrets , wh agency getting worse at cyber-defense via the @foxnews app .
new $ 4b navy destroyer malfunctions in panama canal via jusswaggtv .
clinton leads trump , two new polls show via jusswaggtv .
paul beatty becomes the first american to win the man booker prize .
alaska , reliant on air transit , faces pilot shortage . are drones an answer ?
[UNK] kids how to bring blocks to life with code .
medicaid funding to end for planned parenthood in texas , state says new york times .
thailand 's king bhumibol adulyadej dies at 88 .
762 murders in 12 months chicago 's deadliest year in chicago .
tim cook explains to apple employees why he met with president-elect trump .
in china - u.s. trade war , trump would have weapons .
kansas cites dred scott to explain why it can ban abortion .
harry reid trump 's election ' sparked a rise in hate crimes & amp ; threats of violence .
how to be a better person in 2017 live like bill cunningham .
pan pan , father to a generation of pandas , dies in china .
retweeted fox news king bhumibol adulyadej took the throne shortly after world war .
romania set for first female , and first muslim , prime minister .
retweeted fox news hundreds support christian florist fined for refusing to work gay .
trump says u.s. should expand nuclear ability , but offers no details .
google 's jamboard is a huge digital whiteboard for collaboration .
5 reasons not to worry about a ' rigged ' election [UNK] .
how hillary clinton spent the morning after her concession @cnnpolitics .
gwen ifill , award-winning political reporter and author , dies at 61 .
trump '' irritated '' by kellyanne conway 's attacks on mitt romney .
a berlin square where the prewar , postwar and modern eras coexist new york times .
ebola evolved into deadlier enemy during the african epidemic .
top story 16 of the years best actors channel .
exxon c.e.o. said to be top contender for secretary of state ; giuliani is out yes .
frank oceans mysterious return didnt come with an explanation . heres exclusive interview .
north carolina gop condemns kkk parade honoring trump .
trump calls for revoking flag burners citizenship . court rulings forbid it .
four more charged in flint water crisis via jusswaggtv .
trump says he 's turning away ' billions ' but has ' right ' to do business deals .
woman says she found a rat sewn into her zara dress '' property .
genetic heart disease risk eased by healthy habits , study shows via the @foxnews app .
leonard cohen , epic and enigmatic songwriter , is dead at 82 the new york times .
jeff koons is giving sculpture to paris to remember terror victims .
mall santa loses job for telling girl hillary clinton on naughty list via the @foxnews app .
donald trump arrives at @whitehouse for transition talks with president obama .
megyn kelly tells tales out of fox news in her memoir , settle for more the truth [UNK] .
studio ghibli artist michiyo yasuda has died , aged 77 . some of her legendary work .
fearing trump , bar association [UNK] report calling him a libel bully .
a complete and updated list of all the sexual assault allegations against @realdonaldtrump .
as a black woman in journalism , gwen ifill spent her stellar career proving people wrong .
merkel 's call for burqa ban in germany draws backlash via the @foxnews app .
warren buffett on president-elect trump he deserves everybody 's respect .
how to do when you 're confronted with [UNK] speech .
retweeted cnn politics dhs just published '' strategic principles '' for iot security .
the day a college football player stood alone to honor america via the @foxnews app .
romania set for first female , and first muslim , prime minister .
the battle for mosul has displaced almost 70,000 people . roughly half of them are children .
singapore to trial driverless buses after successful shuttle .
china agrees to return seized drone , ending standoff , pentagon says .
coke and pepsi give millions to public health , then lobby against it .
at least 10 electors demand intelligence briefing before electoral college vote .
jury acquits leaders of oregon standoff of federal charges .
pipeline protesters vow to stay camped on federal land via the @foxnews android app .
all this talk of voter fraud ? across u.s. , officials found next to none .
shelter in place lifted , shelter in place closed , classes cancelled .
after almost a century , second avenue subway is [UNK] to [UNK] .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
cut ties to donald trump , big donors [UNK] [UNK] .
attackers open fire at nightclub in istanbul via nyt the new york times .
pentagon confronts a new isis threat .
berlin police says 9 dead and many injured .
trump derides intel briefing on ' so-called ' russian hacking '' property .
at & t agrees to buy time warner for more than $ 80 billion .
not a decade ago 3 years ago miss washington 2013 '' donald trump groped her .
i was n't offended ' by message of ' hamilton ' cast #usefulupdates check it out here .
at least 3 dead in california tour bus crash .
donald trump says he may keep parts of obama health care act .
bloody weekend more than 40 shot in chicago , grim [UNK] hit .
if you love '' when harry met sally & amp ; few days off , consider this itinerary .
woman says trump reached under her skirt and groped her in early 1990s .
reversing course , [UNK] says fracking can contaminate drinking water .
more than 160 republican leaders dont support donald trump . heres when they reached their breaking point .
[UNK] [UNK] trapped in a labyrinth of his own making .
the new york timess lawyer responds to donald trump .
when sexual [UNK] [UNK] often have little idea what to do .
director of national intelligence james clapper submitted his letter of resignation .
retweeted cnn breaking news china 's foreign minister calls trump-tsai phone call '' a .
boko haram releases 21 girls kidnapped from school in chibok , nigeria says new york times .
donald trumps big bet on less educated whites '' property .
carrie fisher says she and harrison ford had an affair on the set of star wars .
the lives they lived remembering the notable people we lost in 2016 .
investigators believe a plane crash that killed a student pilot was intentional , a federal official said wednesday .
federal judge extends florida voter registration deadline '' property .
latest news update from luisa florez . researchers accidentally turn carbon dioxide into ethanol .
trump transition team targets [UNK] civil [UNK] who worked on climate conference .
chelsea manning tried committing suicide a second time in october check out via nyt the new york times .
russia 's ambassador to turkey assassinated in ankara @cnn its [UNK] [UNK] .
leak reveals rex tillerson was director of bahamas-based us-russian oil firm .
fake story about obamas , hillary clinton ensnares sean hannity .
hillary clinton calls fake news ' an epidemic ' #usefulupdates check it out here .
donald trump is an emotional weakling . heres how to manipulate him .
veteran indian actor om puri , star of [UNK] east is east , has died aged 66 .
revelers spilled into the streets of miami after the death of fidel castro .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
why [UNK] new solar roof tiles and home battery are such a big deal .
abedin reportedly pleads ignorance of how emails got on shared laptop .
the stolen supreme court seat new york times .
hotel project would revive [UNK] of jet age at kennedy airport .
i was speaking spanish on the phone a few min ago .
more than 160 republican leaders dont support donald trump . heres when they reached their breaking point .
rockettes not required to dance at trump inauguration , company says .
donald trump agrees to pay $ 25 million in trump university settlement the new york times .
secretary of state @johnkerry is under fire for his blunt speech taking aim at the israeli government .
reading fake news , pakistani minister directs nuclear threat at israel .
it really is insane that trump got away with not releasing his tax returns .
oh great , ransomware is infecting smart tvs now .
what does a president-elect trump mean for silicon valley ? nothing very good .
help stop the spread of fake news .
fidel castro 's [UNK] victims fidel castro is dead .
photos and detailed maps reveal hurricane [UNK] brutal aftermath in haiti .
matthew leaves 14 dead in us ; 7 killed in north carolina amid severe flooding .
boss tells pro-trump employees to resign via the @foxnews android app .
serial killer stephen port found guilty of murdering four men .
the new york times i hardly expected my letter to donald trump to go viral .
donald trump ' grabbed me and went for the lips ' , says ninth accuser .
florence henderson , tv 's carol brady , dies at 82 .
awaiting the next u.s. president ? a splintered middle east in free fall .
donald trump claims , with no evidence , that millions of people voted illegally .
trump says us to quit tpp on first day in office .
gwen ifill , award-winning political reporter and author , dies at 61 .
alt right conspiracy image generator you should be the new york times .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
we 're giving all readers unlimited access to for 72 hours ar .
north carolina gov . pat mccrory concedes race via jusswaggtv .
weebly hacked , 43 million credentials stolen .
taiwan-friendly campaign staff is [UNK] by president-elect donald trump 's campaign manager .
top [UNK] story audience members walk out on amy schumer after trump c .
fort lauderdale airport shooting five people shot dead by florida gunman .
reading fake news , pakistani minister directs nuclear threat at israel .
donald trump asserted the russia hack no effect on the u.s. presidential election .
hong kong court bars [UNK] from office new york times .
is donald trump already walking away from campaign promises ?
zuckerberg implies facebook is a media company , just not a traditional media open to law suits .
ex-nfl star darren sharper sentenced to 20 years in prison as rape victims in l.a. speak out .
enough with the tweets , chinas state media tells trump .
trump picks elaine chao for transportation secretary '' property .
hillary clinton 's lead in popular vote nears 2 million @cnnpolitics .
bmw signs on to develop in-car ai and iot services with ibm 's watson .
jeremy lin is asian . that 's the whole joke .
donald trump cancels new york times meeting and [UNK] [UNK] with the press .
leon russell , hit maker and musicians musician , dies at 74 .
60 law enforcement officers fatally shot this year , 20 in ambushes via the @foxnews android app .
dylann roof killed 9 in mental carolina , he wo n't present mental .
donald trump is picking his cabinet . heres a shortlist . the new york times .
[UNK] democrats have a road map for success in trumps america . it was written by jesse jackson .
enough with the tweets , chinas state media tells trump .
the new york times the fall of a leaf in autumn is an orchestrated death .
latest news update from luisa florez . researchers accidentally turn carbon dioxide into ethanol .
depression is rising among teen girls #usefulupdates check it out here .
top story [UNK] twitter finally stops counting usernames against reply [UNK] .
have you ordered your #bekind shirt to show the new york times ?
white house said it . did n't want to interfere with the election election .
being american in the trump years new york times .
at least 6 children dead in tennessee school bus crash .
the top books of 2016 the new york times .
macy 's is closing 68 stores , cutting 10,000 jobs .
[UNK] and the bitter fight to inherit it .
the [UNK] of conflicts of interest facing the trump presidency .
the democratic party establishment is finished . what a joke .
women make up the majority of law law for the first time ever .
donald trump 's ex-wife ivana wants to be ambassador to czech republic .
zuckerberg implies facebook is a media company , just not a traditional media open to law suits .
we should be grateful that our brains allow us to be elsewhere .
nd to block supplies from pipeline protesters ' camp following ' emergency .
california professor caught on video calling trump 's election ' terrorism .
trumps campaign is imploding . but at his rallies , the man is still king .
fbi sends letter to congress saying email review completed , decision not to prosecute clinton stands .
new $ 4b navy destroyer malfunctions in panama canal via jusswaggtv .
how russia and turkey brokered peace in syria call .
magnitude 6.9 earthquake strikes off fukushima in japan , triggering [UNK] via the @foxnews app .
gop senators challenge trump over secretary of state prospect 's russia ties .
melania proves she 's almost as despicable as her husband in fawning cnn interview .
we need to clean this up clinton aide cried foul on obama 's email denial .
jury finds reporter , rolling stone responsible for defaming u-va . dean with gang rape story .
why rudy giuliani shouldnt be secretary of state new york times editorial .
a time for refusal . it 's a time for refusal .
tom hayden , civil rights and antiwar activist turned lawmaker , dies at 76 .
tesla and solarcity made this whole island solar-powered in under a year .
trump star on hollywood walk of fame is smashed the new york times .
how self driving cars will exacerbate organ [UNK] shortages .
donald trump is picking his cabinet . heres a shortlist . the new york times .
even math teachers are at a loss to understand annuities .
google 's ai created its own form of encryption .
fbi backs cia view that russia intervened to help trump win election .
donald trump deposition completed earlier thursday president-elect donald trump completed a deposition [UNK] .
judge rebukes florida 's top election official @cnnpolitics .
germany calls for ban on combustion engine cars by 2030 .
destruction so complete that it obliterates even a sense of time .
all defendants found not guilty of oregon [UNK] .
the most-read stories of 2016 the new york times .
made '' identity '' its word of the year .
ny times newtop story homeland security officials have taken $ 15 million in .
thailand 's king bhumibol adulyadej dies at 88 .
how much is it worth to hold your newborn ? new york times .
a complete and updated list of all the sexual assault allegations against @realdonaldtrump .
trump picks campaign adviser friedman as us ambassador to israel #usefulupdates check it out here .
cities are cutting public transportation because they think uber will fill the gap . [UNK] [UNK] it .
miss universe alicia trump & amp ; told me that i looked ugly ' and called me names .
how trump 's calls to world leaders are upsetting decades of diplomacy .
voice shaking , michelle obama calls trump comments on women intolerable .
trump avoided paying millions of medicare taxes , too .
afghanistan 's vice president is accused of assaulting rival and taking him hostage .
do n't grab her at all . dont grab her by [UNK] .
demonetization is mostly is mostly people who are n't its intended targets .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
obama plans farewell speech from chicago new york times .
nasa has joined giphy one small step for the space agency , one giant leap for gifs .
colombia and rebels sign new peace deal , this time skipping voters the new york times .
while you were n't looking , trump released a plan to privatize roads and [UNK] .
i can think of 20 other people ' better suited for secretary of state than romney .
latest unpaid trump vendor is his own pollster , filing shows .
google and facebook ban fake news sites from their advertising networks .
deluged immigration courts , where cases stall for years , begin to buckle new york times .
craig sager , colorful [UNK] sideline reporter , dies at 65 .
lebron james fires back at phil jackson for posse comment .
difference between cardiac arrest and heart attack . is their a [UNK] [UNK] ?
rex [UNK] company , exxon , has billions at stake over sanctions on russia .
officials doubt donald trump has direct link to russia .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
the internet law that explains 2016 is n't godwin 's . fantastic by @wphillips49 [UNK] .
las noticias internacionales david letterman shop at target the .
difference between cardiac arrest and heart attack . is their [UNK] [UNK] ?
the best way to save obamacare the best way to save obamacare .
silicon valley confronts its peter thiel problem '' @buzzfeednews .
how to channel your post-election anger , [UNK] , and fear into action .
after the deaths of these 10 notable people , @nytimes photographed their private spaces as they left them .
bbc news everest 's first woman climber junko tabei dies at 77 .
dakota access pipeline to be rerouted '' property .
trump 's rumored housing secretary is best known for keeping his county segregated .
putin 's russia is waging 21st warfare . heres how to fight back .
supreme court allows arizona ' ballot collection ' law .
here are the republicans criticizing trumpand those calling on him to drop out .
trumps electoral college victory ranks [UNK] in [UNK] elections the new york times .
new email shows dnc boss giving clinton camp debate question in advance .
triple check before you share news on social media fake news on the rise .
fbi discovered clinton-related emails weeks ago '' property .
budget us android smartphones found secretly sending personal data to china .
trump adviser says administration will eliminate nasa climate research .
documents suggest palantir could help power trump 's extreme vetting of immigrants .
civilians are supposed to control the military , not the other way around the world .
early trump supporter palin suggests carrier deal is ' crony capitalism ' via the @foxnews app .
who will be voted the cnn superhero ? vote at the new york times .
donald trump tweets for the first time as president-elect .
while we werent looking , snapchat revolutionized social networks .
oakland fire was a rare mass casualty blaze . fire codes help explain why . new york times .
pilot of plane that crashed colombia had told controllers it was out of fuel .
jeff koons is giving sculpture to paris to remember terror victims .
2016 proposition song ! from [UNK] podcast .
jeff sessions , potential trump supporter for racial comments .
donald trump is picking his cabinet . heres a shortlist . the new york times .
trump 's strategy to cut property taxes his own .
bristol palin blasts artists for refusing to perform at trump inauguration .
shootings in new york fall to lowest number since the 90s .
des moines police shooting suspect scott michael greene in des moines register .
did california water rationing too soon ? water use is up again .
how self driving cars will exacerbate organ [UNK] shortages .
hate crime charges filed in chicago beating streamed on facebook live via the @foxnews app .
pop star george michael has died british pop star george michael has died , according next .
retweeted fox news copy edit tihs ! can you correct in recent times articles ?
fox news electoral scorecard key states tilting toward trump after fbi 's october surprise .
kushner at the center of trump transition ' infighting , ' sources say '' property .
the new york times i hardly expected my letter to donald trump to go viral .
fish taco loves new york . but it doesnt love him back .
crossing the line how donald trump behaved with women in private .
donald trump meets with al gore on climate change .
woman says trump reached under her skirt and groped her in early 1990s .
michael moore to gop electors i will pay your fines if you do n't vote for trump .
how trump 's calls to world leaders are upsetting decades of diplomacy .
samsung temporarily suspends production of galaxy note 7 .
trump star on hollywood walk of fame is smashed the new york times .
in break with precedent , obama envoys are denied extensions past inauguration day .
what the trump presidency means for the supreme court .
the day a college football player stood alone to honor america via the @foxnews app .
we are feeling what not having hope feels like ' '' property .
more than 160 republican leaders dont support donald trump . heres when they reached their breaking point .
the white house 's report on ai and the economy warns of increasing inequality .
un human rights chief warns of war crimes in aleppo .
i just made my donation to the @aclu please support their work , too .
[UNK] military probes mysterious arctic pinging noise .
paul beatty wins man booker prize with ' the sellout new york times .
i made hillary clinton president . play the bbc 's predict the president game .
russia 's ambassador to turkey assassinated in ankara @cnn its [UNK] [UNK] .
retweeted cnn breaking news british banker rurik jutting pleads not guilty to [UNK] .
kasich votes mccain instead of trump john kasich voted monday for 2008 republican n .
a lorry ploughs into a christmas market in the heart of berlin , killing nine people .
obama challenges gop to spell out obamacare alternative #usefulupdates check it out here .
at least 35 people have been killed and 40 injured in a nightclub attack in istanbul , governor .
janet jackson welcomes a son at age 50 .
roman [UNK] found in okinawa castle via the new york times .
how self driving cars will exacerbate organ [UNK] shortages .
conway resumes romney opposition , says trump loyalists feel ' betrayed .
mccrory calls special sessionsetting up possibility of a court-packing power grab .
college students want to kill foreign language requirements .
bill clinton [UNK] past , but from the [UNK] of his wife 's campaign .
in [UNK] , residents are fighting to get the name '' trump '' taken off .
zsa zsa gabor , often-married actress known for glamour , dies at 99 .
top story from techcrunch justeat is now delivering takeout with self-driving .
nephew of berlin attack suspect is among 3 arrested in tunisia .
here 's a better way to stop the spread of fake news .
after neo-nazi posting , police in whitefish , [UNK] step up patrols .
carrie fisher was a pioneer in mental health advocacy . heres how to honor her .
a new tool can crack a credit card number in six seconds .
bob dylan wins nobel prize for literature .
stein spent nearly $ 1 million of recount funds on consultants , staff , admin expenses .
retweeted fox news aide says foundation paid for chelseas wedding , @wikileaks .
recounts barely making dent in election results ; trump gains in wisconsin .
behind our anxiety , the fear of being unneeded '' property .
meet the baby who was born twice '' property .
children in calais jungle to arrive in uk via the @foxnews app .
the kids lawsuit over climate change is our best hope now .
the combination of human and artificial intelligence will define [UNK] future .
trumps mistrust of [UNK] echoes views of a top adviser .
jury acquits leaders of oregon standoff of federal charges .
philippine mayor accused of drug links by duterte is killed by police .
peter thiel defends his most contrarian move yet the new york times .
trump 's twitter debate lead swelled by bots .
obama orders review into russian hacking of 2016 election @cnnpolitics .
it would be hypocritical of me to vote ' '' property .
the last 24 hours of trump 's tweeting @cnnpolitics .
the alt-right is truly terrifying #usefulupdates check it out here .
danish doctors group wants to end circumcision for boys .
2 iowa police officers killed ; suspect in custody .
jay z to headline concert for hillary clinton #usefulupdates check it out here .
zuckerberg implies facebook is a media company , just not a traditional media open to law suits .
the bad options james comey faced .
trump calls for drug test ahead of next debate @cnnpolitics .
we are not planning on erecting a deportation force ' @cnnpolitics .
an '' avalanche of evidence '' may now bury hillary via the @foxnews app .
fbi discovered clinton-related emails weeks ago the fbi discovered clinton-related [UNK] .
he cant claim were all liars , trump 's ninth new accuser said .
la-area polling station on lockdown after shots nearby ; at least two victims .
clinton bashes trump over russia praise , but emails show she praised putin .
is it safe ? foreign students consider college in donald trumps u.s.
dog slaughter banned in south korean market bbc news .
donald trump is picking his cabinet . heres a shortlist . the new york times .
former cuban leader fidel castro dies '' property .
donald trumps victory was built on unique coalition of white voters .
pop star george michael has died british pop star george michael has died , according next .
top [UNK] story donald trump has finished with times .
unemployment drops to 4.6 % , lowest since 2007 thank you president obama .
hillary clinton now has over 2 million more votes than donald trump .
anthem singer at [UNK] game kneels during performance .
trump team resumes battle with press , hints at wh briefing changes .
i 'm with @berniesanders . the next dnc chair should be @keithellison . add your name if you agree .
dylann roof killed 9 in mental carolina , he wo n't present mental .
paul beatty wins man booker prize with ' the sellout new york times .
mika brzezinski says clinton campaign wanted her ' pulled off the air .
watch this autonomous tesla drive from home to work on its own .
starbucks ceo howard schultz to step down .
carlos alberto : brazil legend dies aged 72 after heart attack .
two women say donald trump touched them inappropriately .
fake story about obamas , hillary clinton ensnares sean hannity .
how one 19-year-old illinois man is distorting national polling averages .
highlights from trump 's first thank you ' tour .
u.s. blocks mine planned near boundary waters in minnesota .
this is the surface studio , microsoft 's new [UNK] pc .
hillary clinton 's popular vote lead over donald trump now exceeds 1.5 million votes .
trending techcrunch news @mikeyuhn microsoft is now a braver , [UNK] .
toll in [UNK] bombings rises to 29 killed , including 27 police officers .
new york asks u.s. to pay trump security costs ; puts first bill at $ 35 million .
kanye west calls out beyonc and praises trump in onstage tirade .
how trump perfected the rhetoric of fake power .
watch jon stewart recount his vicious twitter war with donald trump .
navy fighter jet [UNK] pink for breast cancer awareness month the fight against breast cancer .
trumps labor secretary pick is a gross misogynist really [UNK] hot women in bikinis .
clinton tops trump by 6 pts the new york times .
megyn kelly leaving fox news for nbc news via jusswaggtv .
trump didnt flip working-class whites . the rust belt revolt is myth .
democratic campaign bus dumps sewage into georgia storm drain , police say via the @foxnews app .
heres how the federal government made the maps that crippled black neighborhoods .
while you were n't looking , trump released a plan to privatize roads and [UNK] .
federal judge extends voter registration in florida to october [UNK] due to hurricane matthew .
rugby league world cup 2021 england chosen as hosts ahead of us .
mall santa loses job for telling girl hillary clinton on naughty list via the @foxnews app .
donald trump attacks f-35 maker for ` out of control ' costs .
vatican issues new guidelines on cremation , says no to scattering ashes @cnn .
issues where trumps cabinet picks and most americans [UNK] .
[UNK] helps [UNK] to fact-checks in news .
attacker opens fire at istanbul nightclub , news agency reports [UNK] .
democratic campaign bus dumps sewage into georgia storm drain , police say via the @foxnews app .
wells fargo killing sham account suits by using arbitration the new york times .
iceberg the size of delaware to break off from antarctica via jusswaggtv .
mariah carey 's team says ' new year 's [UNK] ' eve ' performance was sabotaged .
how short is a short skirt in [UNK] and who gets to decide ?
we 're giving all readers unlimited access to for 72 hours ar .
gopro is recalling the karma drone after just 16 days on the market .
google 's new photoscan app makes it easy to digitize old prints .
retweeted cnn breaking news new @reuters / ipsos projection gives clinton a 95 % chance of winning electoral .
chris wallaces debate role is a bright spot in a dark year for fox new york times .
bbc news everest 's first woman climber junko tabei dies at 77 .
rules on surviving an autocracy .
the overwhelming majority of black friday deals are duds . here 's how to find the bargains .
two soccer clubs split by war . by [UNK] via .
[UNK] carrie fisher in critical condition after a cardiac episode on flight from london to l.a.
clinton in emotional post-election speech coming here tonight was n't the easiest .
john oliver now regrets urging donald trump to run .
rodrigo duterte says donald trump endorses his violent antidrug campaign .
[UNK] carrie fisher in critical condition after a cardiac episode on flight from london to l.a.
[UNK] kids how to bring blocks to life with code .
slack and google announce partnership focused on better integrating their services .
is media downplaying the trump bump in jackie evancho 's album sales ?
20 things donald trump said he wanted to get rid of as president .
the democratic party establishment is finished . what a joke .
fierce fighting reported in palmyra as control of ancient syrian city switches between is and government forces .
man who shouted ' jew-s-a ' is ' deplorable ' @cnnpolitics .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
trump ready to accept russia hacking report , if cia , fbi get on same page .
in this ugly election year , leave it to [UNK] to remind us how great we are .
theresa may scolds kerry for focus on israel settlements .
at & t agrees to buy time warner for more than $ 80 billion .
the new york times rules for survival .
the year white liberals realized how unjust , racist , and sexist america is .
six ways to sweat out stress @cnn .
reversing course , [UNK] says fracking can contaminate drinking water .
zsa zsa gabor , [UNK] actress known for glamour , dies .
harlem deer caught in [UNK] [UNK] has died .
kasich votes mccain instead of trump john kasich voted monday for 2008 republican n .
stop texting and start speaking here 's how @cnn .
president barack obama aims to send humans to mars by 2030 .
devos , trumps education pick , has steered money from public schools .
important read about how a president trump will treat the press .
meet who is trump 's choice to reshape climate policy @cnnpolitics .
after weight-loss surgery , 2 patients faced the prospect that life hadnt changed as much as theyd hoped .
magic leap goes to finland in pursuit of nordic vr and ar talent .
who will defend the liberal world order in the trump era ? the new york times .
nfl teams will now be fined for posting videos and gifs during games .
indian official blames womens western dress for mass molestation by [UNK] [UNK] via n .
after #carrier pledge to keep jobs in us , more companies may follow .
trump says his supporters were ' violent ' during campaign .
trump 's tax plan would add to debt and hillary clintons wouldnt , study finds .
the new york times six myths about a [UNK] [UNK] .
difference between cardiac arrest and heart attack . is their a [UNK] [UNK] ?
countering trump , bipartisan voices strongly affirm findings on russian hacking .
not ' locker room ' talk athletes push back on trump 's defense of sexual assault .
why you will marry the wrong person the new york times .
thousands in new zealand via cnnbrk cnn .
fort lauderdale airport 5 dead , shooting suspect had gun in bag .
on the water , and into the wild new york times .
chelsea clinton reportedly being groomed for congressional run via the @foxnews android app .
terry branstad , iowa governor , is trumps pick as ambassador to china .
wells fargo ceo john stumpf to step down as chairman and ceo , effective immediately .
fbi backs cia view that russia intervened to help trump win election .
trump on russia hacking allegations this is a political witch hunt ' '' property .
myanmar wants ethnic cleansing of rohingya un official .
the election is really , really over now and donald trump is the winner .
park geun-hye , embattled south korean president , says shes willing to resign .
walk 5 minutes . standing up and walking around for five minutes every hour during the [UNK] .
mike pence answers body image question with pivot to terrorism .
chicago records 762 homicides in 2016 , up 57 percent from previous year .
50 years ago , truman [UNK] [UNK] hosted the best party ever ever .
trump paid nearly $ 2.9 million to family-owned businesses as campaign wound down .
veteran indian actor om puri , star of [UNK] east is east , has died aged 66 .
gwen ifill , award-winning political reporter and author , dies at 61 .
more than 160 republican leaders dont support donald trump . heres when they reached their breaking point .
david duke ' deserves a bullet ' [UNK] @cnnpolitics .
7 killed , 31 wounded in chicago weekend shootings .
north carolina governor pat mccrory concedes gubernatorial race to roy cooper .
hillary clinton blames f.b.i. director for election loss .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
myanmar wants ethnic cleansing of rohingya un official .
bowe bergdahl , facing desertion trial , asks obama for pardon .
trump says his supporters were ' violent ' during campaign .
kellyanne conway 's husband on trump short list #usefulupdates check it out here .
the art in the art in new york times .
megyn kelly vs . has the republican feminist awakening begun ?
retweeted [UNK] [UNK] confirms its missing #schiaparelli mars probe crashed into .
[UNK] gop 's power grab to limit democratic governor @cnnpolitics .
hillary clinton 's lead in popular vote nears 2 million @cnnpolitics .
killer whale at center of ' blackfish ' dies via cnnbrk cnn retweet .
chelsea manning tried committing suicide a second time in october check out via nyt the new york times .
california mom who vanished while jogging found safe via the @foxnews android app .
lawsuit accusing trump of raping girl , 13 , gets december hearing ny daily new york times .
20 places you should visit in your 20s .
us intelligence report says us identifies go-betweens who gave emails to wikileaks .
how a 2011 hack youve never heard of changed internet infrastructure .
alven capital raises $ 261 million fund to invest in french entrepreneurs .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
trump at ia rally we 're not going to be the stupid people anymore .
here 's who and who is not performing at trumps inauguration .
std rates reach record high in united states #usefulupdates check it out here .
internet attack [UNK] major websites '' by [UNK] [UNK] via nyt .
clinton camp denies looking to senate races , red states to [UNK] foregone victory .
michael moore in trumpland isnt about donald trump .
trumps election leaves angela merkel as the liberal [UNK] last defender .
do you have info about abortions trump may have paid for ? slate wants to know .
donald trump , in louisiana , says he will end energy regulations .
afghan woman in famed national geographic photo is arrested in pakistan new york times .
facebook helped drive a voter registration surge , election officials say .
ohio state university attacker killed , 11 hospitalized after campus attack .
early voting data suggests clinton lags in north carolina compared to 2012 .
at least 9 dead , dozens injured after truck plows into berlin christmas market in apparent terror attack .
man who shouted ' jew-s-a ' is ' deplorable ' @cnnpolitics .
john glenn , american hero of the space age , dies at 95 .
police name pentonville named as cellmates [UNK] whitlock , 31 , & amp ; matthew baker .
sen. corker plans to launch new russia hacking inquiry @cnnpolitics .
36 hours on campaign trail with gary johnson .
new york 's only high-volume kitten nursery tends to up to 300 strays and orphans .
we should just cancel the election and give me to trump .
trump 's sons involved in interviewing , vetting cabinet candidates @cnnpolitics .
iraqi troops inside isis-held mosul iraqi forces have entered isis-held mosul for the .
exercise may be an effective treatment for depression , studies say .
a complete and updated list of all the sexual assault allegations against @realdonaldtrump .
donald trump threatens to sue the times over article on unwanted advances the new york times .
a list of statements by donald trump that are at odds with the united states constitution .
bob dylan has won the nobel prize for one knows how he feels about it .
veteran indian actor om puri , star of [UNK] east is east , has died aged 66 .
a road trip 42 years ago shows a side of hillary [UNK] public rarely said .
jill stein says she 'll ' escalate ' pennsylvania recount case after earlier plans to drop it @cnnpolitics .
youtube upgrades its comments system to give creators more control .
everybody can take a deep breath now oprah says she has oprah [UNK] .
retweeted cnn breaking news at least a dozen nonprofits that oppose donald trumps policies have reported surges in .
indian point nuclear power plant to close by 2021 .
at pearl automation , former apple employees are blending their old employers high quality standards with less [UNK] .
how hillary clinton spent the morning after her concession @cnnpolitics .
first us cases of drug-resistant fungal infection '' property .
top [UNK] story audience members walk out on amy schumer after trump c .
googles ai translation tool seems to have invented its own secret internal language .
japan recalls diplomats from south korea over ' comfort woman ' consulate @cnn .
istanbul reina nightclub attack ' leaves 35 dead .
everything you need to know about trump 's new education secretary in one horrifying chart .
chicago cubs win 2016 world series .
a newborn baby girl left to die on the streets of india .
top [UNK] story emails warrant no new action against hillary clinton .
austrians appear to reject far-right candidate for president .
high in tower , trump reads , tweets and plans .
watch earth 's population soar from [UNK] to 7 billion in a hypnotizing video .
here is donald trump keeping an eye on melania trump as she votes .
this pill could make your dog live longer .
north carolina gov . pat mccrory concedes race via jusswaggtv .
trending techcrunch news @mikeyuhn odg unveils its first consumer ar .
the top books of 2016 the new york times .
fbi discovered clinton-related emails weeks ago the fbi discovered clinton-related [UNK] .
un says 82 civilians shot on the spot .
microsoft 's big-screen surface studio is an engineering marvel .
boss tells pro-trump employees to resign via the @foxnews android app .
united airlines wants to do to flying to republicans want to do to health care .
cnn top stories conway deflects on trump camp 's claims of assassination attempt .
how a tweet can warrant allegations of criminal assault .
a time for refusal . it 's a time for refusal .
abc news staged crime-scene shot , photo shows .
the internet law that explains why 2016 was so terrible .
woman thrown in front of subway train is killed , police say new york times .
lock her up ? maybe not so much , giuliani and christie say #usefulupdates check it out here .
officer shot keith lamont scott '' acted lawfully via the @foxnews app .
a majority agreed she was raped by a stanford football player . that wasnt enough .
dude ranch owner asked chef to make ' black people food ' for tourists , lawsuit claims .
k-indemand news kellyanne conway lands top wh job in trump administration .
jury finds rolling stone liable for defamation .
2 iowa police officers killed in apparent ambush attacks .
college classmate [UNK] treasury secretary , steve mnuchin , '' put the ' douche ' in fiduciary .
google pixel review assessing the new smartphone the new york times .
this store is selling gold-plated trump iphones to the super rich .
president franois hollande said he wo n't run for re-election via jusswaggtv .
thank you , donald trump the new york times .
why i will not cast my electoral vote for donald trump .
your surgeon is probably a republican , your psychiatrist probably a democrat .
clinton to join recount that trump calls ' scam ' '' property .
obama administration bars states from withholding federal money from planned parenthood new york times .
nevada judge denies trump request to separate early voting ballots @cnnpolitics .
fake news and memes on election day . can you help ?
nypd to allow sikh officers to wear turbans and beards while on duty .
we are not planning on erecting a deportation force ' @cnnpolitics .
va hospital left deceased veteran in shower room for 9 hours , report finds .
republicans why they were n't '' appalled earlier when was saying degrading things about women .
i can be smart and challenging while i wear spaghetti straps .
big-money politics continues to thrive in washington , despite stern campaign promises .
terry branstad , iowa governor , is trumps pick as ambassador to china .
premium hikes fuel trump , gop case in key swing states via the @foxnews android app .
home robot kuri is like an amazon echo designed by pixar .
rudolph giulianis business ties viewed as red flag for secretary of state job .
9 dead , at least 50 injured in truck crash .
trump calls obama '' very fine man .
men 's toilets in the us to get baby changing facilities .
professor [UNK] is [UNK] as threat to academic freedom .
jetblue forced a man off a [UNK] flight after an apparent incident involving ivanka trump and her husband .
xoon , a [UNK] [UNK] , believed to have the largest sound inventory of any language .
tennessee woman accused of coat-hanger abortion attempt faces new charges .
police now describe suspect in azusa , calif shooting .
indiana mayor running for [UNK] chairman the mayor of south bend .
this security camera was infected by malware 98 seconds after it was pluggedin .
women are advising each other to get iuds now a form of birth control .
we are orphans here [UNK] and death in east jerusalems palestinian refugee camp .
federal judge extends voter registration in florida to october [UNK] due to hurricane matthew .
using a sauna may reduce the risk for alzheimer 's disease and other forms of [UNK] .
earthquake strikes central italy #usefulupdates check it out here .
scores of extremist militias in u.s. have around donald trump 's campaign by [UNK] [UNK] .
intel is laying off a major portion of its wearables group .
us says 75 % of isis fighters killed @cnnpolitics .
bbc news veteran broadcaster sir jimmy young dies aged 95 .
boss tells pro-trump employees to resign via the @foxnews android app .
push to delay speaker election puts ryan in political jam .
obama gave the presidential medal of freedom awards .
wikileaks releases transcripts of clinton goldman sachs speeches about god damn time .
terror attacks in developed world surge 650 % in one year .
va [UNK] patients possibly exposed to hiv , hepatitis .
andy murray becomes world number one after raonic withdraws from paris masters .
when @abarnardnyt stepped off the bus in aleppo .
trump inspected each woman before pageant a former miss usa contestant says donald trump personally .
we had no idea that our actions would be interpreted as racist harassment .
why does education translate to less support for donald trump ? new york times by [UNK] [UNK] .
we now have a rural party and an urban party , and the rural party , and the .
early voting suggests tight race in key states despite @hillaryclinton camp boast .
trump isnt rewarding a lot of loyalists with cabinet jobs . new york times .
russia is moving ahead with missile program that violates treaty , u.s. officials say .
trump to accept inauguration funds from corporations and big donors by nicholas [UNK] via nyt .
david duke ' deserves a bullet ' #usefulupdates check it out here .
reuters finds lead levels higher than flints in thousands of locales .
wikileaks releases clinton 's wall street speeches .
tesla acquires grohmann engineering to boost production .
trent partridge harry reid comey may have violated the hatch act .
2016 senate election forecast the new york times .
how trump ended democrats ' [UNK] winning streak in one county .
how a pioneer in the science of mistakes ended up mistaken .
fake us embassy in ghana shut down after issuing illegally obtained authentic visas for a decade .
obama on trump tape that 's not right ' @cnnpolitics .
tim cook explains to apple employees why he met with president-elect trump .
unpaid student debt leads to a smaller social security check it out here .
how trump reshaped the election map the new york times .
the trump tape does n't matter '' property .
trump speaks with taiwans leader , an affront to china new york times .
how a pioneer in the science of mistakes ended up mistaken .
fbi reopens clinton probe after new emails found in anthony weiner case .
north carolina g.o.p. moves to curb power of new democratic governor .
mobile internet use passes desktop for the first time , study finds .
russian ambassador to turkey is assassinated in ankara the new york times .
she never spoke of it to her husband . then she heard the trump tape .
moore calls for civil disobedience , disruption of trump 's inauguration .
yes , trump really is saying big league , not bigly , linguists say .
a lorry ploughs into a christmas market in the heart of berlin , killing nine people .
is this how you want to be remembered ? kennedy grills stein on recount .
why i will not cast my electoral vote for donald trump .
romania set for first female , and first muslim , prime minister .
donald trump blasts recount as ' ridiculous ' and ' a scam ' '' property .
donald trump , in louisiana , says he will end energy regulations .
officers surprise bullied boy with birthday party of his dreams @cnn .
at least 9 dead , dozens injured after truck plows into berlin christmas market in apparent terror attack .
is twitter next ? is twitter the next next to fall ?
police officer asked to leave college class for wearing his uniform .
fox news poll majority says russian hacking made no difference in 2016 election .
[UNK] kids how to bring blocks to life with code .
macys will cut 10,000 jobs after poor holiday sales .
birth control linked to depression , new study says @cnn .
uk to censor online videos of ' non-conventional ' sex acts .
fox news poll majority says russian hacking made no difference in 2016 election .
tim cook [UNK] employees that it is committed to the mac and that great desktops are coming .
conway touts trump 's ' drain the swamp ' via cnnbrk cnn retweet .
pearl jam and tupac shakur lead nominees for rock hall of fame .
actress carrie fisher is in critical condition after a cardiac episode on flight from london to l.a.
nancy pelosi beats back house democratic leadership challenge .
white supremacy euphemism generator for journalists .
how self driving cars will exacerbate organ [UNK] shortages .
richard adams , whose novel watership down became a [UNK] , dies at 96 .
how the internet is [UNK] our [UNK] on the truth the new york times .
paul beatty wins man booker prize with the sellout .
rip george michael , pop superstar , has died at 53 .
we are feeling what not having hope feels like ' '' property .
hillary clinton now has over 2 million more votes than donald trump .
as ratings plummet , n.f.l. considers reducing ads and length of games new york times .
kanye west calls out beyonc and praises trump in onstage tirade .
kentucky football game shooting leaves 2 dead #usefulupdates check it out here .
danny elfman [UNK] scores a video [UNK] footage of trump [UNK] behind hillary clinton .
52 places to go in 2017 new york times .
ohio lawmakers say bill that would ban abortions after a fetus ' heart .
time to end the electoral college the new york times .
sen. lindsey graham calls for investigation into alleged russian cyberhacks during us election .
fbi discovered clinton-related emails weeks ago the fbi discovered clinton-related [UNK] .
four more charged in flint water crisis #usefulupdates check it out here .
grandson of rep. danny [UNK] shot to death in chicago @cnnpolitics .
protecting donald trump costs new york city more than $ 1 million a day .
clinton will win but congress wo n't work with her @cnnpolitics .
at least 9 are dead after fire at warehouse party in oakland .
trump asking congress , not mexico , to pay for border wall .
at & t is said to be in advanced merger talks with time warner new york times .
millions of modified mosquitoes to be released in brazil & amp ; colombia #zika fight #zika fight .
why would n't facebook let me post death threats received from trump supporters ?
richard adams , whose novel watership down became a [UNK] , dies at 96 .
net migration [UNK] near record high net migration to the uk was 335,000 in year .
payments provider stripe has raised another $ 150m at a $ 9b valuation .
snoop dogg slams colin kaepernick for castro praise , says choose between football , revolution .
man who shouted ' jew-s-a ' is ' deplorable ' @cnnpolitics .
alven capital raises $ 261 million fund to invest in french entrepreneurs .
hard-line islamists in jakarta , demanding christian governor be jailed .
obama blames dem losses on ' fox news in every bar and restaurant .
why does education translate to less support for donald trump ? new york times by [UNK] [UNK] .
joe mcknight , former nfl player , killed in terrytown shooting .
a guide to getting a [UNK] abroad .
trump family and businesses were paid $ 12.5 million during campaign via cnnbrk cnn retweet .
the day a college football player stood alone to honor america via the @foxnews app .
as ratings plummet , n.f.l. considers reducing ads and length of games new york times .
crypt believed to be jesus tomb opened for first time in centuries the new york times .
obama is campaigning for hillary clinton in chapel hill , north carolina .
andy murray becomes world number one after raonic withdraws from paris masters .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
mayor says chicago will ' always be a sanctuary city ' in face of deportation threats .
i gave it new zealand new york times .
choose a month to quit sugar . go cold turkey .
how hip-hop turned on trump and settled for clinton .
jared kushner talks of a trump tv network with a media deal maker .
clinton 's ' deplorable ' comment could have alienated voters @cnnpolitics .
[UNK] cia reportedly plans to launch a cyberattack against russia .
a road trip 42 years ago shows a side of hillary [UNK] public rarely said .
trump team responds to alt-right leader via cnnbrk cnn retweet .
kellyanne conway , who helped guide donald trump to be appointed counselor to the president .
hundreds of people are flocking to susan b . anthony 's grave on election day .
deluged immigration courts , where cases stall for years , begin to buckle new york times .
he was convicted for being gay . 42 years later , he wants an apology .
donald trump then and now how the president-elect has changed since his election .
us veterans join north dakota standing rock protests .
bosses deny rockettes forced to perform at trump inaugural #usefulupdates check it out here .
us veterans join north dakota standing rock protests .
north carolina republicans & rsquo ; legislative coup is a terrifying attack on democracy .
we should take a drug test before debate , trump says .
wikileaks claims sham u.s. firm is trying to smear assange .
bbc news everest 's first woman climber junko tabei dies at 77 .
christie vetoes bill banning solitary confinement for children , pregnant women , and the mentally ill .
paul beatty wins man booker prize with ' the sellout new york times .
early voting suggests tight race in key states despite @hillaryclinton camp boast .
how self driving cars will exacerbate organ [UNK] shortages .
bill belichick is llike us . he 's unhappy his tablet does n't work .
lorry kills several at berlin market suspected deliberate attack .
atlantic names jeffrey goldberg its editor in chief the new york times .
obama 's gift to trump a ' pretty solid ' economy .
clinton tells fundraisers fbi comey letter sank presidential bid via the @foxnews android app .
man coughed and heaved for 13 minutes during execution #usefulupdates check it out here .
i 'm with @berniesanders . the next dnc chair should be @keithellison . add your name if you agree .
hillary clintons team to join wisconsin recount pushed by jill stein the new york times .
top story [UNK] twitter finally stops counting usernames against reply [UNK] .
navy fighter jet [UNK] pink for breast cancer awareness month the fight against breast cancer .
at & t formally announces it will acquire time warner [UNK] for $ 107.50 per share .
the ' alt-right ' splinters as supporters and critics agree it was white supremacy all along .
trump summons tv figures for private meeting , and lets them have it '' property .
israel pm questioned in corruption probe #usefulupdates check it out here .
the top books of 2016 the new york times .
mrs. clinton outmaneuvered mr. trump with a surprising new approach .
trump said in 2014 that russian hacking was a ' big problem president-elect donald trump continues to question .
facebook announces plan to plan to crack down on fake news ; will work with journalists .
the definitive guide to cord-cutting in 2016 , based on your habits .
peter thiel donating $ 1.25 million to donald trump 's campaign .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
would you let an algorithm choose the next u.s. president ?
inside the media pen at a trump rally .
facebook officially announces gameroom , its pc steam competitor .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
eu ' should prepare for returning jihadists .
the life and example of gwen ifill by [UNK] [UNK] @nytimes .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
the [UNK] of conflicts of interest facing the trump presidency .
how did walmart get cleaner stores and higher sales ? it paid its people more .
6 books to help understand trumps win .
two powerful earthquakes hit italy near site of deadly august quake .
world 's largest marine protected area declared in [UNK] .
ben carson accepts hud secretary post , spokesman says .
nobody really knows ' if climate change is real .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
dutch law would allow assisted suicide for healthy older people '' property .
musk on tesla network its not tesla vs . uber , its the people vs .
the horror . silicon valley to a donald trump presidency was grim .
obama moves to block chinese [UNK] of a german chip maker new york times .
wikileaks says assange 's internet link was severed by ' state party .
says no need for apology after hamilton jeers , lecture .
donald trump settles trump university lawsuits .
reuters finds lead levels higher than flints in thousands of locales .
trump , after canceling , [UNK] new york times meeting .
pioneering woman chinese fighter pilot yu xu killed in accident .
turns out melania trump did work illegally in the united states .
bush-era muslim registry failed bigly . yet we 're trying it again via jusswaggtv .
about half of all iphones the story of how a phone made there can end .
facebook live audio makes talk radio social , starting with the bbc .
a complete and updated list of all the sexual assault allegations against @realdonaldtrump .
trump to accept inauguration funds from corporations and big donors by nicholas [UNK] via nyt .
donald trump settles trump university lawsuits .
living in chinas expanding deserts are becoming climate refugees .
co2 levels mark ' new era ' in the world 's changing climate .
conway defends trump 's ' hamilton ' twitter scrap why do you care ' @cnnpolitics .
we dont want to admit that our avoidance is hurting is hurting them die .
attacker opens fire at istanbul nightclub , news agency reports [UNK] .
how hip-hop turned on trump and settled for clinton .
us abstains in key israel vote , clearing way for condemnation of settlements .
donald trumps victory , on front pages worldwide .
david duke ' deserves a bullet ' [UNK] @cnnpolitics .
being american in the trump years new york times .
20 places you should visit in your 20s .
trump is angry at nbc news for using this photo of him , so please do n't use this enhanced
jared kushner has emerged as the closest thing to a steadying influence for donald trump .
wilbur ross , billionaire investor , is said to be trumps commerce pick .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
what makes a new york city kid ?
the big league prospect who became a mob hit man the new york times .
vesna vulovic , flight attendant who survived jetliner blast , dies at 66 .
to women voters is '' not the man we heard on the tape .
leak reveals rex tillerson was director of bahamas-based us-russian oil firm .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
after the deaths of these 10 notable people , @nytimes photographed their private spaces as they left them .
frozen woman ' turns out to be mannequin '' property .
woman says trump reached under her skirt and groped her in early 1990s .
trump [UNK] gross revenue , as opposed to net income after expenses .
donald trumps income isnt always what he says it is , records suggest .
36 hours in toronto the new york times .
donald trump is picking his cabinet . heres a shortlist . the new york times .
dozens killed in mozambique fuel truck blast bbc news .
trump [UNK] china critic peter [UNK] to lead trade and industrial policy .
internet attack [UNK] major websites '' by [UNK] [UNK] via nyt .
donald trump says any potential conflicts of interest were priced into your vote .
exercise may be an effective treatment for depression , studies say .
peter thiel donating $ 1.25 million to donald trump 's campaign .
trump called for ' total & amp ; complete shutdown of muslims entering the us '' on 1215 .
when trump says he look at whats new york times .
chelsea clinton reportedly being groomed for congressional run via the @foxnews android app .
rip george michael , pop superstar , has died at 53 .
saudis to probe deadly air strikes on yemen funeral hall via the @foxnews app .
the new york timess lawyer responds to donald trump .
fearing trump , bar association [UNK] report calling him a libel bully .
michael moore 's ' october surprise new anti-trump , pro-hillary film .
we are not planning on erecting a deportation force ' @cnnpolitics .
i would 've voted for trump #usefulupdates check it out here .
ford to scrap mexico plant , invest in michigan due to trump policies .
obama bans drilling in parts of the atlantic and the arctic .
macy 's is closing 68 stores , cutting 10,000 jobs .
earthquake strikes central italy #usefulupdates check it out here .
donald trump settles trump university lawsuits .
in canada , a direct link between fracking and earthquakes new york times .
3 held in bomb plot against somalis in kansas new york times .
ieee puts out a first draft guide for how tech can achieve ethical ai design .
donald trump gets first major endorsement in las vegas .
trump didnt flip working-class whites . the rust belt revolt is myth !
retweeted fox news did hillary clinton just squander her '' get out of jail free '' card ?
h.w. bush will vote for clinton , the 92-year-olds first-ever vote for a democratic nominee .
hillary clinton is a ' moral , ethical choice ' for republicans .
politicians shouldnt need '' daughters and wives '' to know trump is a misogynist [UNK] .
trump picks elaine chao for transportation secretary '' property .
an overwhelming majority of voters are disgusted by the state of american politics new york times .
california hires eric holder as legal bulwark against donald trump .
what 's the cost of not offering paid sick leave .
hillary clinton now has over 2 million more votes than donald trump .
in 1919 , a tsunami of molasses is [UNK] 21 people .
putin ordered influence campaign [UNK] at u.s. election .
retweeted fox news white house petition suggests naming next navy ship ' uss the .
the stolen supreme court seat new york times .
is this how you want to be remembered ? kennedy grills stein on recount .
suck it up lawmaker wants to cut funding for schools coddling students over trump .
at previous debates , melania trump & amp ; bill clinton shook hands .
how big banks are putting rain forests in peril the new york times .
bruce springsteen questions trump 's competence for office , says he has never been more afraid .
state confirms that , like pentagon and justice department , not heard from anyone on trumps team .
the most-read stories of 2016 the new york times .
austrians appear to reject far-right candidate for president .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
clinton ally helped fund campaign of key fbi officials wife .
donald trumps new york times interview the full transcript of donald trumps @nytimes .
who will protect the constitution , donald trump or hillary clinton ?
watch earth 's population soar from [UNK] to 7 billion in a hypnotizing video .
george michael appears to have died from heart failure .
twitter has unveiled several new measures to curb abuse and hate speech .
putin wo n't expel u.s. diplomats as his foreign minister urged .
black turnout soft in early voting , [UNK] ill for hillary clinton .
red wine hot chocolate is a thing , and its [UNK] .
small factories emerge as a weapon in the fight against poverty .
colombia and rebels sign new peace deal , this time skipping voters the new york times .
the real cost of giving birth $ 40 to hold my newborn baby ' [UNK] .
man who shouted ' jew-s-a ' is ' deplorable .
should you let your dog lick your face ?
russia requires apple and google to remove linkedin from local app stores .
oliver hart and bengt holmstrom win nobel in economics for work on contracts .
russias doping program laid [UNK] by [UNK] evidence in report .
donald trump says he might meet with putin before inauguration .
battle for mosul iraqi forces [UNK] ' heavy losses ' @cnn .
watch all six episodes of trust disrupted and the .
soul singer sharon jones dead at 60 .
i 'm with @berniesanders . the next dnc chair should be @keithellison . add your name if you agree .
how trump reshaped the election map the new york times .
the stolen supreme court seat new york times .
russia requires apple and google to remove linkedin from local app stores .
former cia official phil mudd goes off on gen . i 'm watching a clown show !
hillary clinton blames f.b.i. director for election loss .
42 states shifted to the right in 2016 the new york times .
unemployment drops to 4.6 % , lowest since 2007 thank you president obama .
astronomers unveil incredibly detailed new milky way map '' property .
[UNK] elderly people go missing in china every year @cnn .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
[UNK] the year sport refused to stop .
a hot souvenir from cuba for some americans new york times .
pipeline 150 miles from dakota access protests leaks 176,000 gallons @cnn .
a full repeal of obamacare would cost $ 350 billion .
after almost a century , second avenue subway is [UNK] to [UNK] .
top [UNK] story new york times names a.g. sulzberger deputy publisher .
princeton calls its men 's swimming and diving team after [UNK] [UNK] .
google and facebook ban fake news sites from their advertising networks .
john kelly , retired marine general , is trumps choice to lead homeland security .
how self driving cars will exacerbate organ [UNK] shortages .
forget the cost to the candidates . this campaigns cost america more .
unarmed 73-year-old man fatally shot by bakersfield police '' property .
inside a fake news [UNK] factory this is all about income .
donald trump threatens to sue the times over article on unwanted advances the new york times .
rose evansky , a pioneer in womens hairstyling , dies at 94 .
home robot kuri is like an amazon echo designed by pixar .
youtube stars say they were removed from delta flight for speaking arabic the new york times .
on the water , and into the wild new york times .
a singers journey from solitary confinement to the met opera new york times .
is it too late for republicans to replace trump ? the new york times .
russian officials were in contact with trump allies , diplomat says .
carrier says it has deal with #trump to keep jobs in indiana .
how did walmart get cleaner stores and higher sales ? it paid its people more .
deluged immigration courts , where cases stall for years , begin to buckle new york times .
peter thiel to donate $ 1.25 million in support of donald trump .
living in chinas expanding deserts are becoming climate refugees .
insists election rigged , calls for drug test for him , clinton before debate .
what it was like as the black journalist who covered trump .
the candy hierarchy , 2016 edition #halloween 's best and worst treats .
donald trump is appealing a court order thursday that sink in . by [UNK] [UNK] .
2016 was a hard year to be an apple fan [UNK] 2016 was a .
when trump says he look at whats new york times .
columbia suspends wrestling season over lewd and racist text messages .
chicago cubs end the chicago cubs have ended the longest title drought .
how trump could gut public education [UNK] [UNK] betsy devos is set to become donald trumps .
bill belichick is done using the nfl 's microsoft surface tablet he hates so much .
white house donates obama daughters ' swing set '' property .
73-year-old rocker mick jagger welcomes his eighth child .
this pesticide is prohibited in britain . why is it still being [UNK] ?
clinton ally helped fund campaign of key fbi officials wife .
google 's new photoscan app makes it easy to digitize old prints .
check out a teaser for episode 3 of #trustdisrupted and watch full episodes here .
trumps extremist supporters feel like winners either way '' property .
nephew of berlin attack suspect is among 3 arrested in tunisia .
putin wo n't expel u.s. diplomats as his foreign minister urged .
latest [UNK] poll shows trump with a lead in florida .
tsunami warning now in japan 's miyagi prefecture ; fukushima remains under warning .
chelsea manning tried committing suicide a second time in october by [UNK] thanks [UNK] .
new york state 's decision to force trump to release tax returns before 2020 .
is your area down to one insurer next year ? wants your story .
bowe bergdahl , facing desertion trial , asks obama for pardon .
justice department to north carolina stop illegally purging black voters from the rolls .
nobody really knows ' if climate change is real .
to stop trump , democrats can learn from the tea party .
house gop votes to gut independent ethics office .
fish taco loves new york . but it doesnt love him back .
the theory that the fbi is out to get #clinton is becoming more plausible .
khizr khan on trump i hate to continue to give him lessons in civics .
obama to dismantle [UNK] visitor registry before trump can revive it .
carson says trump has offered him hud secretary , other cabinet posts .
women 's cancer deaths expected to rise 60 % by 2030 '' property .
north carolina governor pat mccrory concedes gubernatorial race to roy cooper .
madam president , '' said the @nytimes would-be @nytimes headline was one of the [UNK] .
google will display election results as soon as polls close .
email headache returns new clinton messages show passwords , schedules flowed freely .
ford to scrap mexico plant , invest in michigan due to trump policies .
harvard cancels mens soccer season over lewd ratings of female players new york times .
obama ' lied directly and pointedly ' to the nation about hillary 's emails .
is kim jong un the world 's most dangerous man via jusswaggtv .
megyn kelly tells tales out of fox news in her memoir , settle for more the truth [UNK] .
he tweets , he posts , he incites . this is not normal . it demeans the presidency .
immigrants who came to u.s. as children fear deportation under trump new york times .
bob dylan wins nobel literature prize .
trump takes credit for helping to save a ford plant that wasnt closing .
trump says us to quit tpp on first day in office .
donald trump has one unwavering belief women are not his equal .
google 's new photoscan app makes it easy to digitize old prints .
reuters finds lead levels higher than flints in thousands of locales .
vatican issues new guidelines on cremation , says no to scattering ashes @cnn .
north carolina legislature fails to repeal ' bathroom bill ' '' property .
rip george michael , pop superstar , has died at 53 .
berlin police says 9 dead and many injured .
cuban families have argued about castro for decades .
paul ryan on voting for trump i already voted for our nominee @cnnpolitics .
muslim npr reporter says she was harassed on the campaign trail .
hairstylists in illinois are being trained to spot signs of domestic abuse .
donald trump says he 'll sue sexual misconduct accusers .
trump vows to sue all female accusers as 11th woman steps forward via the @foxnews app .
mario batali will prepare the obamas last state dinner .
fake us embassy in ghana shut down after a decade #usefulupdates check it out here .
trump star on hollywood walk of fame is smashed the new york times .
employees have ' tremendous problem ' with obamacare @cnnpolitics .
trump praises putin over response to us sanctions , calls him ' very smart .
rudolph giulianis business ties viewed as red flag for secretary of state job .
us intelligence report says us identifies go-betweens who gave emails to wikileaks .
black riders wait longer for uber rides , study reveals .
calls to crisis , suicide prevention hotlines surge post-election '' property .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
fun for kids , torture for parents .
[UNK] far right signs a cooperation pact with [UNK] party and meets with flynn .
new poll shows clinton over trump by double-digits '' property .
top [UNK] story a decentralized web would give power back to the people .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
enough with the tweets , chinas state media tells trump .
black riders wait longer for uber rides , study reveals .
trump transition asks 4 names of those working @ state to counter extremism .
trump , gop seize on new clinton cash revelations to revive ' pay-to-play ' charge .
being american in the trump years new york times .
berlin christmas market 12 dead , 48 injured in truck crash @cnn .
pakistan 's national airline mocked after goat sacrifice to ward off ' bad luck ' .
prime minister shinzo abe will visit pearl harbor .
trump adviser on taiwan call if china does n't like it , screw ' em via jusswaggtv .
donald trump intensifies his claim that campaign is rigged .
berkeley protesters demand ' spaces of color , ' harass white students trying to pass .
trump says he plans to immediately deport approximately 2 to 3 million undocumented immigrants .
china agrees to return seized drone , ending standoff , pentagon says .
republicans will have a governing trifecta in 24 states , including democrats will have just six .
it all comes down to this . world series game 7 .
donald trump picks reince priebus as chief of staff the new york times .
u.s. demands return of drone seized by chinese warship the new york times .
zuckerberg claims 99 % of facebook posts '' authentic , '' denies fake news ther .
twitter debate lead was ' swelled by bots .
fake us embassy in ghana shut down after a decade #usefulupdates check it out here .
[UNK] [UNK] of research libraries announce boycott of elsevier [UNK] over open access .
snow falls in sahara for first time in 37 years '' property .
health insurers [UNK] for the first time what the industry wants to stay in the state marketplaces .
trump is still not very popular , and his problem with women could return .
fbi obtains warrant needed to start [UNK] emails found on laptop used by clinton aide .
retweeted cnn breaking news as many as 50,000 isis fighters have been killed .
retweeted fox news politics comey memo to fbi staffers says election , timing required disclosure .
the real problem with power posing isnt the data .
trump ' has no idea how much he is being manipulated into helping iran and isis .
fish taco is no fan of hamilton , but he 's seen evita six times . that says a lot
rex tillerson , exxon chief , is expected to be pick for secretary of state .
ny times newtop story homeland security officials have taken $ 15 million in .
at least 24 dead after fire during rave at converted warehouse in california , us police say .
trump calls for revoking flag burners citizenship . court rulings forbid it .
carrier says it has struck a deal with trump to keep nearly 1,000 jobs in indiana .
two christie allies found guilty in #bridgegate trial .
high with hitler a german writer tells how he unearthed a startling fact about the third reich .
retweeted fox news outlets trump tweet amount to a shift in u.s. policy ? should news outlets untrue .
charity cant replace the safety net . this new study is a reminder why .
cubs open up a 1-0 lead over indians in world series game 2 .
california hires eric holder as legal bulwark against donald trump .
hamilton had some [UNK] lines for mike pence . trump wasnt happy .
how to be a man in the age of trump .
clashes over dakota access pipeline escalate via jusswaggtv .
alan thicke , reassuring father on growing pains , dies at 69 .
hate crime charges filed in chicago beating streamed on facebook live via the @foxnews app .
early trump supporter palin suggests carrier deal is ' crony capitalism .
i was n't offended ' by message of ' hamilton ' cast #usefulupdates check it out here .
trump didnt flip working-class whites . the rust belt revolt is myth .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
as ratings plummet , n.f.l. considers reducing ads and length of games new york times .
killer whale at center of ' blackfish ' dies via cnnbrk cnn retweet .
how ' hero father ' panda pan pan helped to save his species via jusswaggtv .
all tsunami warnings , advisories following earthquake off eastern japan [UNK] .
those insanely long early voting lines were a result of republican voter suppression .
russian military plane heading for syria crashes in black sea , killing 92 .
bob dylan wins nobel literature prize .
buys lqd wifi to expand its #iot strategy into smart cities .
bosses deny rockettes forced to perform at trump inaugural #usefulupdates check it out here .
bernie sanders on the election of trump i am saddened , but not surprised , by the outcome .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
megyn kelly tells tales out of fox news in her memoir , settle for more the truth [UNK] .
alex jones , looking to be the enforcer of trump 's promises to the right .
macys will cut 10,000 jobs after poor holiday sales .
after electoral college fail , anti-trump forces look 4 new cause via the @foxnews android app .
paul ryan on voting for trump i already voted for our nominee @cnnpolitics .
clinton to join recount that trump calls ' scam ' '' property .
judge suspends rule expanding overtime for millions of workers .
7.7 - magnitude earthquake reported near solomon islands . tsunami watch issued for hawaii .
at least 13 people have been killed in a california tour bus , semi-truck crash .
gop-led house adopts rule to fine members who violate decorum rules , response to june 's democrat-led sit-in .
[UNK] kids how to bring blocks to life with code .
california rejects abolishing death penalty ; narrowly passes proposition to speed up executions los angeles times .
ken bone 's halloween plan ill dress as me because i look just like me .
trump a ' selfish little sleaze ball ' '' property .
danny elfman [UNK] scores a video [UNK] footage of trump [UNK] behind hillary clinton .
it would be hypocritical of me to vote ' '' property .
obama says alternate routes are being [UNK] for dakota pipeline .
podesta should have emailed about this .
trump 's transition team asked list of programs [UNK] gender equality rattling state department .
listen to bob dylans many [UNK] .
nominate your choice for vc of the year in the 10th annual #crunchies awards .
iceberg the size of delaware to break off from antarctica via jusswaggtv .
pan pan , father to a generation of pandas , dies in china .
kushner at the center of trump transition ' infighting , ' sources say '' property .
we are not planning on erecting a deportation force ' @cnnpolitics .
the electoral college could be [UNK] without an amendment .
germany 's die welt , citing police , say christmas market attacker is still at large and dangerous .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
would you pay $ 100 for a [UNK] of [UNK] air ? the new york times .
a new era of internet attacks powered by everyday devices .
saudis blame funeral hall bombing on mistake .
kasich votes mccain instead of trump john kasich voted monday for 2008 republican n .
grace hopper and margaret hamilton awarded presidential medal of freedom for computing advances .
maybe the country needs trump to show ' authoritarian power ' '' property .
tapper fact-checks trump 's tweet #usefulupdates check it out here .
horrors in aleppo reports of mass graves , booby traps as troops sweep city .
trump 's campaign manager no , i do not believe ' there will be widespread voter fraud @cnnpolitics .
louisville 's lamar jackson wins heisman trophy [UNK] .
malta hijackers surrender after releasing libyan [UNK] passengers .
facebook helped drive a voter registration surge , election officials say .
former cuban leader fidel castro dies at age 90 .
fake us embassy in ghana shut down after issuing illegally obtained authentic visas for a decade .
trump takes aim at michelle obama bbc [UNK] .
malta hijackers surrender after releasing libyan [UNK] passengers .
trumps labor secretary pick is a gross misogynist really [UNK] hot women in bikinis .
in istanbul , 38 killed in 2 blasts possibly targeting police officers .
trump is angry at nbc news for using this photo of him , so please do n't use this enhanced
father of officer gunned down in dallas sniper attack sues black lives matter via the @foxnews app .
new york asks u.s. to pay trump security costs ; puts first bill at $ 35 million .
volkswagen parts ways with the historian who chronicled its nazi past .
how self driving cars will exacerbate organ [UNK] shortages .
obama says he 'll speak out against trump if he thinks us ideals are at risk .
google 's new sprayscape app is a purposely imperfect .
kansas cites dred scott to explain why it can ban abortion .
here 's a better way to stop the spread of fake news .
spacex exec [UNK] to do grassroots work to combat [UNK] .
louisville 's lamar jackson wins heisman trophy [UNK] .
ex-nfl star darren sharper sentenced to 20 years in prison as rape victims in l.a. speak out .
republicans stole the supreme court and we got away with it too [UNK] !
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
crystal palace have appointed sam allardyce as manager on a two-and-a-half-year deal .
how to stop sugar sneaking into your child 's diet '' property .
trump team asks state for info on gender programs @cnnpolitics .
local transmission of zika virus is reported in texas .
babylon health partners with uk 's nhs to replace telephone helpline with ai-powered chatbot .
clinton tells fundraisers fbi comey letter sank presidential bid via the @foxnews android app .
pat mccrory lost the north carolina governorship . now he & rsquo ; s trying to steal it .
hitler 's only kidding about the antisemitism '' new york times , 1922 .
veteran indian actor om puri , star of [UNK] east is east , has died aged 66 .
trending techcrunch news @mikeyuhn microsoft is now a braver , [UNK] .
as ratings plummet , n.f.l. considers reducing ads and length of games new york times .
if mexicans are the winners of nafta , it 's news to them .
the first movie shot in [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] 3-d looks fantastic . its also unwatchable .
bag of toys [UNK] evacuation of trump tower lobby #usefulupdates check it out here .
google 's new photoscan app makes it easy to digitize old prints .
google pixel review assessing the new smartphone the new york times .
billy bush officially [UNK] nbc new york times .
a complete and updated list of all the sexual assault allegations against @realdonaldtrump .
hackers used new weapons to disrupt major websites across u.s. the new york times .
at the north pole , check out via nyt the new york times .
trump is bereft of patriotism , and seems to hate the country wants to lead .
rodrigo duterte says donald trump endorses his violent antidrug campaign .
shootings in new york fall to lowest number since the 90s .
at & t is buying time warner for $ 85.4 b in cash & amp ; shares .
sarah palin under consideration for va secretary .
snoop dogg slams colin kaepernick for castro praise , says choose between football , revolution .
uber defies california regulators with self-driving car service new york times .
after almost a century , second avenue subway is [UNK] to [UNK] .
[UNK] gop 's power grab to limit democratic governor @cnnpolitics .
2 iowa police officers killed in ' ambush ' attacks .
i 'm with @berniesanders . the next dnc chair should be @keithellison . add your name if you agree .
federal judge extends florida voter registration deadline '' property .
the most-read stories of 2016 the new york times .
with north korea looming , trump may be rethinking china showdown new york times .
hollywood is living in a bubble ' and stars should n't talk politics .
donald trump 's path to 270 electoral votes is precarious but how he could do it .
bob dylan songs that changed the course of history '' property .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
rudy giuliani removes himself from consideration for trump cabinet post .
email about qatari offer shows thorny ethical issues clinton foundation faced .
retweeted fox news eric garner 's daughter blasts clinton campaign after wikileaks .
what our sons are learning from donald trump .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
5 things to think about before buying your child a cell phone for christmas .
[UNK] chief warns donald trump against tearing up iran nuclear deal .
trump picks elaine chao for transportation secretary '' property .
steel ladder to connect cliff-top chinese village with outside world '' property .
teen vogues trump takedown shouldnt be a surprise . teen vogue rocks .
oliver hart and bengt holmstrom win nobel in economics for work on contracts .
trump leads clinton in new florida poll donald trump has a 2 [UNK] point edge over [UNK] .
reuters finds lead levels higher than flints in thousands of locales .
michael moores october surprise new york times .
john glenn , american hero of the space age , dies at 95 .
when trump says he look at whats new york times .
load of manure dumped outside dnc [UNK] in ohio county via the @foxnews android app .
how trump reshaped the election map the new york times .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
lenovo 's new vr headset is coming for less than $ 400 .
turns out melania trump did work illegally in the united states .
[UNK] far right signs a cooperation pact with [UNK] party and meets with flynn .
trumps health secretary pick , tom price , endangers women .
we are on the verge of a consumer m & a avalanche .
email headache returns new clinton messages show passwords , schedules flowed freely .
retweeted fox news saudi prince executed for shooting man dead during mass brawl three years ago .
jay z to headline concert for hillary clinton #usefulupdates check it out here .
a full repeal of obamacare would cost $ 350 billion .
i made hillary clinton president . play the bbc 's predict the president game .
donald trump calls allegations by women false smears the new york times .
obama vows action against russia for hacks via cnnbrk cnn retweet .
how did walmart get cleaner stores and higher sales ? it paid its people more .
canadian journalists detention at u.s. border raises press freedom '' property .
kentucky football game shooting leaves 2 dead #usefulupdates check it out here .
where are women in the top ranks ? the new york times .
chelsea manning tried committing suicide a second time in october check out via nyt the new york times .
ruth bader ginsburg apologizes to colin kaepernick after criticizing anthem protest .
the new york times fake news isnt just a confirmation bias issue .
trump campaign denounces kkk 's official newspaper 's [UNK] | '' property .
more americans voted for hillary clinton than donald trump .
these are teslas new solar roof tiles for homes .
sturgill simpson is as surprised as you about his grammy nomination .
2.9 % in 3q ; strongest growth in 2 years after exports up .
former cuban leader fidel castro dies '' property .
vice president-elect pence to take over trump transition effort .
period tracking app clue pulls in $ 20 million series b from nokia growth partners .
top [UNK] story reading fake news , pakistani minister directs nuclear .
donald trump is picking his cabinet . heres a shortlist . the new york times .
latest news update from luisa florez . a small , shadowy band of militants .
how did donald trump win over so many obama voters ?
at & t , time warner [UNK] have met in recent weeks to discuss a possible merger .
its well-established that hillary clinton belonged to a satanic cult , still does .
former cuban leader fidel castro dies at age 90 .
elon musk might start a literal '' boring company '' to tunnel under traffic .
new $ 4b navy destroyer malfunctions in panama canal via jusswaggtv .
race would have been tougher if sanders was vp pick .
abedin reportedly pleads ignorance of how emails got on shared laptop .
hillary clinton for not wearing makeup during her childrens defense fund speech .
i 'm with @berniesanders . the next dnc chair should be @keithellison . add your name if you agree .
jolla os now certified as russian government 's first ' android alternative .
for the parents of these newly [UNK] twins , it 's a very thanksgiving indeed .
cleveland browns win 1st game of 20-17 victory against san diego chargers .
[UNK] new 5 note , stronger and safer , isnt [UNK] for [UNK] .
college threatens police response for students wearing ' offensive ' costumes .
trump calls for drug test ahead of next debate @cnnpolitics .
boss tells pro-trump employees to resign via the @foxnews android app .
donald trump thinks snl is [UNK] the election and should be canceled .
black freshmen at upenn added to a & ldquo ; daily lynching & rdquo ; hate group .
paul beatty wins man booker prize with ' the sellout new york times .
hillary clinton sought to '' undermine our democracy '' through cyberattacks .
lady tecniq news obama to black voters trump would undo my legacy .
ivanka trumps presence at meeting with [UNK] leader raises questions .
electoral college settles donald trumps victory , but little else .
why i will not cast my electoral vote for donald trump .
free beer for life these [UNK] are cut off .
the pieces of zadie smith [UNK] , [UNK] , mother , writer , female on becoming whole w .
why we cant know whether facebook is to blame for trumps election .
donald trump gets first major endorsement in las vegas .
hillary clinton 's lead in popular vote nears 2 million @cnnpolitics .
trump 's tax plan would add to debt and hillary clintons wouldnt , study finds .
medical and health news that stuck with us in 2016 .
[UNK] [UNK] trapped in a labyrinth of his own making .
buzz aldrin evacuated from south pole #usefulupdates check it out here .
oliver hart and bengt holmstrom win nobel in economics for work on contracts .
fake news or real ? how to self-check the news and get the facts .
an oklahoma newspaper endorsed clinton . it hasnt been forgiven .
officer shot keith lamont scott '' acted lawfully via the @foxnews app .
google signs on to the net foundation as [UNK] net support to tizen .
russian plane crash unlikely to be terrorism military choir on board .
time warner , at & t is in advanced talks to acquire time warner .
ukrainian hackers release emails [UNK] top russian official to uprising .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
six ways to sweat out stress @cnn .
three mobile hack six million customers ' data at risk after employee [UNK] used to access database .
how to pounce on best credit card offers new york times .
at home , prince buys $ 550 [UNK] [UNK] .
a mass grave with remains of 100 beheaded civilians has been found in a school south mosul .
on election day , trump still [UNK] he may not accept results via the @foxnews android app .
do n't grab her at all . dont grab her by [UNK] .
the two-state solution what it is and why it hasnt happened .
hillary clinton leads by 7 points in pennsylvania poll .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
hate crime charges filed in chicago beating streamed on facebook live via the @foxnews app .
russian officials were in contact with trump allies , diplomat says .
donald trump and hillary clinton [UNK] in bitter , personal terms .
trump ahead in arizona and texas , but deadlocked in georgia .
trump explains why he rejects daily intelligence briefings im , like , a smart person .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
i made hillary clinton president . play the bbc 's predict the president game .
trump tower turns into ' dump tower ' on google maps @cnnpolitics .
train engineer in crash had undiagnosed sleep apnea #usefulupdates check it out here .
army corps denies easement for dakota access pipeline crossing .
obama orders review into russian hacking of 2016 election @cnnpolitics .
u.n. plans to pay victims of [UNK] outbreak it caused in haiti .
retweeted cnn breaking news this detailed map shows the dakota access pipeline that has lead to months of .
the worlds saddest polar bear is being moved temporarily from chinese mall .
u.s. says new jersey town town that denied mosque discriminated against muslims .
how pearl harbor shaped the modern world the new york times .
andy murray becomes world number one after raonic withdraws from paris masters .
a battle to change medicare is brewing , whether trump wants it or not .
donald trump is wrong on mosul attack , military experts say .
journalism faces an ' existential crisis ' in trump era '' property .
we got some experts to evaluate the state of imperial cybersecurity in rogue one .
welcome to the worlds smallest soccer league . both teams are here . new york times .
cut ties to donald trump , big donors [UNK] [UNK] .
russia risks becoming pariah over syria bombing .
as ratings plummet , n.f.l. considers reducing ads and length of games new york times .
top story from techcrunch twitter decides to release earnings while most of us .
david petraeus shared classified info . can he be secretary of state ?
the year in pictures 2016 the new york times .
google pixel review assessing the new smartphone the new york times .
fought to preserve alabamas long history of separate and unequal education .
dude ranch owner asked chef to make ' black people food ' for tourists , lawsuit claims .
alleged joe mcknight shooter [UNK] [UNK] released from custody with no charges filed .
north carolina legislature fails to repeal ' bathroom bill ' '' property .
suicide [UNK] kill at least 19 in baghdad via jusswaggtv .
women 's cancer deaths expected to rise 60 % by 2030 .
woman pleads guilty to hitting immigrant with beer mug .
as ratings plummet , n.f.l. considers reducing ads and length of games new york times .
cities will fight climate change , with or without trump .
with north korea looming , trump may be rethinking china showdown new york times .
why [UNK] new solar roof tiles and home battery are such a big deal .
protecting donald trump costs new york city more than $ 1 million a day .
retweeted fox news politics comey memo to fbi staffers says election , timing required disclosure .
donald trump is unpopular , and so is the gops agenda .
we are feeling what not having hope feels like ' '' property .
hate crime charges filed in chicago beating streamed on facebook live via the @foxnews app .
obama vows action against russia for hacks via cnnbrk cnn retweet .
in city built by immigrants , immigration is the defining political issue .
retweeted cnn breaking news threat of government shutdown is over , democrats say after holding up a funding bill that
man who shouted ' jew-s-a ' is ' deplorable .
megyn kelly tells tales out of fox news in her memoir , settle for more the truth [UNK] .
fbi reopens clinton probe after new emails found in anthony weiner case .
the new york times did you miss it ?
your surgeon is probably a republican , your psychiatrist probably a democrat .
is this how you want to be remembered ? kennedy grills stein on recount .
finland to hand out cash to 2,000 jobless people , free of [UNK] or limits on side earnings .
nigerian officers killed 150 peaceful protesters .
retweeted fox news new jersey is known for cheap gas . the glory days are about to end .
this is bonda . she sells babies in the [UNK] .
we are behind , says trump campaign .
the brilliance of a stradivari violin might rest within its wood .
nevada judge denies trump request to separate early voting ballots @cnnpolitics .
ivanka trump to meet with al gore to discuss human-caused climate change @cnnpolitics .
optimist [UNK] talking points for 2017 .
trump wants to drain the swamp , but change will be complex and costly .
i am in a test for twitters new @ reply design and it is a mess .
trump wishes happy new year to ' my many enemies ' '' property .
russian officials were in contact with trump allies , diplomat says .
the democrats are already screwing up the resistance .
china bans its ivory trade , moving against elephant poaching this is very interesting .
join our board companies hotly pursue new wave of women in tech .
french president franois hollande announces he will never run in re-election next election .
2 iowa police officers killed ; suspect in custody .
comeys review of emails related to clinton server triggered by ny agents , source says .
hollywood is living in a bubble ' and stars should n't talk politics .
meet the man who spent $ 9 million on a license plate .
joe mcknight , former nfl player , killed in terrytown shooting .
unveils possible routes for streetcar in brooklyn and queens .
google launches first developer preview of android things , its new iot platform .
donald trump is unpopular , and so is the gops agenda .
paul ryan said he wo n't defend donald trump @cnnpolitics .
lock her up ? maybe not so much , giuliani and christie say #usefulupdates check it out here .
breaking up with twitter new york times .
trump isnt rewarding a lot of loyalists with cabinet jobs . new york times .
trump calls for drug test ahead of next debate @cnnpolitics .
megyn kelly leaving fox news for nbc news via jusswaggtv .
trump wants to drain the swamp , but change will be complex and costly .
killer whale at center of ' blackfish ' dies via cnnbrk cnn retweet .
facebook said to create censorship tool to get back into china .
trump is considering ' special session ' to repeal obamacare on inauguration day .
maggie hassan [UNK] kelly ayotte in new hampshire senate race new york times .
white house said it . did n't want to interfere with the election election .
white [UNK] [UNK] trump 's top cabinet posts @cnnpolitics .
trump calls for revoking flag burners citizenship . court rulings forbid it .
donald trumps victory speech the new york times .
clinton vp list divided into ' food groups ' by race , gender .
6 missing after small plane loses contact via jusswaggtv .
hillary clinton presses her advantage over a struggling donald trump .
fox news poll clinton leads trump by 7 pts .
a complete and updated list of all the sexual assault allegations against @realdonaldtrump .
do n't take donald trump to dinner new york times .
lady tecniq news obama to black voters trump would undo my legacy .
the trump administration wont protect diversity and inclusion . corporate america must .
russian plane crashes with [UNK] on board , defense ministry says .
zsa zsa gabor dead at 99 .
primo toys rolls out cubetto , a wooden robot that teaches kids to code .
russian , us jets had near miss over syria on oct .
we need to clean this up clinton aide cried foul on obama 's email denial .
russia loses seat on un human rights council by just 2 votes .
claude grainstack sets record with $ 81.4 million at auction by [UNK] [UNK] .
2016 was a hard year to be an apple fan [UNK] 2016 was a .
muslim teen admits she lied about being attacked by trump supporters .
man gets $ 75 after being wrongly imprisoned for 31 years via jusswaggtv .
i would 've voted for trump #usefulupdates check it out here .
at least 29 killed in fireworks blast .
hate crime charges filed in chicago beating streamed on facebook live via the @foxnews app .
man who shouted ' jew-s-a ' is ' deplorable .
an incomplete list of racist incidents since trump was elected president .
some of trump 's cabinet nominees are moving unusually slowly through the financial disclosure process .
the new york times ' latest election polls 2016 .
donald trump on accuser take a look at her . i do n't think so .
tennessee fires force [UNK] in gatlinburg @cnn .
fentanyl [UNK] heroin as the deadliest drug on long island .
[UNK] kids how to bring blocks to life with code .
fox news poll clinton leads trump by 7 pts .
spain is getting rid of streets named after fascist leaders , dedicating them to women .
galaxy note 7 owners told to turn off [UNK] after reports of catching fire .
trent partridge clinton to close campaign by assembling political equivalent of ' the avengers .
database of undocumented new yorkers could be deleted '' property .
suspect arrested in killing of san antonio police officer .
police name pentonville named as cellmates [UNK] whitlock , 31 , & amp ; matthew baker .
obama explains why you cant run the country like a startup .
harvard cancels mens soccer season over lewd ratings of female players new york times .
california professor caught on video calling trump 's election ' terrorism .
eric trump may have broken law with ballot tweet .
clinton to join recount that trump calls ' scam ' '' property .
a lorry ploughs into a christmas market in the heart of berlin , killing nine people .
i 'm with @berniesanders . the next dnc chair should be @keithellison . add your name if you agree .
top [UNK] story the man who killed the former new york jets player was arrested .
texas will require aborted fetal tissue to be buried instead of disposed in a sanitary landfill .
the electoral college has affirmed donald j . trump as the nations 45th president , pushing him past .
what we know and dont know russia and the u.s. election .
senate 's political punch-thrower says farewell , leaves trail of gaffes [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] .
trump says u.s. should expand nuclear ability , but offers no details .
thousands of men to be [UNK] for gay sex , once a crime in britain .
justice department to monitor polls in 28 states on election day the new york times .
jury acquits all defendants of oregon wildlife refuge standoff .
man coughed and heaved for 13 minutes during execution #usefulupdates check it out here .
climate deal will reduce of chemical used in [UNK] and refrigerators .
paul beatty wins man booker prize with ' the sellout new york times .
donald trump settles trump university lawsuits .
the democrats are already screwing up the resistance .
nigerian officers killed 150 peaceful protesters .
rockettes not required to dance at trump inauguration , company says .
[UNK] [UNK] of research libraries announce boycott of elsevier [UNK] over open access .
i was speaking spanish on the phone a few min ago .
[UNK] de [UNK] why bob dylan shouldnt have gotten a nobel .
joe biden to trump grow up , donald ' @cnnpolitics .
rodrigo duterte says donald trump endorses his violent antidrug campaign .
the big league prospect who became a mob hit man the new york times .
russian hackers penetrated u.s. electricity grid through a utility . by [UNK] via .
earthquake hits off coast of central america #usefulupdates check it out here .
we do n't have any power but now we 're close enough to smell it . '' property .
7.3 - magnitude earthquake strikes off japan . tsunami [UNK] issued .
samsung temporarily suspends production of galaxy note 7 .
why its not wrong to wish muslims merry christmas .
what will a trump administration mean for the nation 's public lands ?
in face of brexit , signs of [UNK] pulling together .
the new york timess lawyer responds to donald trump .
the new york times new form of old kgb dirty trick child pornography on enemies .
voters target electoral college to switch trump ballots , elect clinton .
how a putin fan overseas pushed pro-trump propaganda to americans .
repo man pays off elderly couple 's car , gives it back .
gordon hamilton , climate scientist , dies in accident in antarctica .
spotify and apple music get unofficial mixes , the best part of [UNK] .
pope francis extends priests ability to forgive abortion .
russian military plane heading for syria crashes in black sea , killing 92 .
north carolina gov . pat mccrory says state says state 's death toll from hurricane matthew .
yahoo confirms more than one billion accounts compromised in massive data breach .
heres how the federal government made the maps that crippled black neighborhoods .
sarah palin being considered for the #trump cabinet .
four more charged in flint water crisis via jusswaggtv .
tom hayden , civil rights and antiwar activist turned lawmaker , dies at 76 .
trumps electoral college victory ranks [UNK] in [UNK] elections the new york times .
hillary clinton 's popular vote lead over donald trump now exceeds 1.5 million votes .
minnesota police arrest suspect in white man is walking in the street . by #cnnbrk via .
do n't even @ me unless you have . and i mean more than .
fbi discovered clinton-related emails weeks ago '' property .
carrier says it has struck a deal with trump to keep nearly 1,000 jobs in indiana .
donald trump picks reince priebus as chief of staff the new york times .
no , you ca n't vote by text message #usefulupdates check it out here .
donald trump is picking his cabinet . heres a shortlist . the new york times .
vp biden was interrupted during trump 's electoral vote certification 11 times .
ranchers spar with obama over new national monuments in utah and nevada via the @foxnews app .
i can not lie , rodrigo duterte says , confirming he did kill people as mayor .
the new york timess lawyer responds to donald trump .
dakota access pipeline to be rerouted '' property .
trump star on hollywood walk of fame is smashed the new york times .
nobody really knows ' if climate change is real .
in a twist , trump 's disputed twitter claim about boeing turns out to be completely true .
retweeted cnn breaking news magnitude 7.7 earthquake hits off southern chile . tsunami threat message .
unarmed 73-year-old man fatally shot by bakersfield police '' property .
amazon plans to enter southeast asia with singapore launch in q1 2017 .
hillary clinton leads by 7 points in pennsylvania poll .
lesbian no longer works for many young queer women . but can a community exist without a name ?
fbi discovered clinton-related emails weeks ago the fbi discovered clinton-related [UNK] .
colombia 's congress has approved a historic peace agreement that will lead to rebels . new york times .
israel pm questioned in corruption probe #usefulupdates check it out here .
time warner , at & t is in advanced talks to acquire time warner .
this was the year of vr , until ar stole it .
the first step to stopping negative thoughts is a surprising one do n't try to stop them .
nordstrom 's $ 85 leather-wrapped rock has sold out .
the sacred land at the center of the dakota pipeline fight @cnn .
we should just cancel the election ' and declare me the winner .
blockchain is empowering the future of insurance .
destruction so complete that it obliterates even a sense of time .
all this talk of voter fraud ? across u.s. , officials found next to none .
top [UNK] story audience members walk out on amy schumer after trump c .
says no need for apology after hamilton jeers , lecture .
abby wambach , retired u.s. soccer star , reflects on her addiction .
apple pulls new york times app from china app store .
former us attorney general janet reno dies at 78 .
trumps election leaves angela merkel as the liberal [UNK] last defender .
bolton on trump 's taiwan call china does n't tell us who we can talk to .
leonard cohen , epic and enigmatic songwriter , is dead at 82 the new york times .
spain is getting rid of streets named after fascist leaders , dedicating them to women .
china bans its ivory trade , moving against elephant poaching this is very interesting .
top [UNK] story audience members walk out on amy schumer after trump c .
israelis called trump to weigh in ahead of un security council vote .
sham ' us embassy in ghana issued fake visas for a decade .
trump going after obama at fl rally : all he does is campaign .
twitter lays off 9 % of its workforce as it posts a [UNK] positive q3 .
potus awards margaret hamilton , who helped create software for the efforts of the medal of [UNK] .
one president at a time ? for trump , no qualms in contradicting obama .
nancy pelosi beats back house democratic leadership challenge .
the cure for fake journalism is an overwhelming dose of good journalism .
russian hackers penetrated u.s. electricity grid through a utility . by [UNK] via .
delta air lines bans [UNK] donald trump supporter for life .
megyn kelly leaving fox news for nbc news via jusswaggtv .
twitter lays off 9 % of its workforce as it posts a [UNK] positive q3 .
obama administration ending program once used to track mostly arab and muslim men .
she never spoke of it to her husband . then she heard the trump tape .
hillary clinton likely received more votes than any presidential candidate [UNK] obama .
attacker opens fire at istanbul nightclub , news agency reports [UNK] .
obama , angela merkel in berlin , assails spread of fake news new york times .
pope extends power to forgive abortion '' property .
clinton tells fundraisers fbi comey letter sank presidential bid via the @foxnews android app .
the new york times problem isnt donald trump 's mental health .
officials doubt donald trump has direct link to russia .
after paul ryan denied to [UNK] donald trump , the reaction from hard-liners was swift and angry .
syrian government announces [UNK] backed by russia and turkey new york times .
wikileaks releases clinton 's wall street speeches .
trump is set to undermine the things you take for granted in government .
google flights will now tell you when fares will increase , help you find cheaper tickets .
positive ratings for president obama as he exits via the @foxnews android app .
hits traditional dem states while clinton makes battleground stops on final campaign sunday .
u.s. navy ship comes under fire near yemen new york times .
here are the three women of color trump has appointed , so far .
retweeted fox news carl paladino , trump ally , wishes obama dead of mad cow disease .
minnesota police officer who fatally shot philando castile during a [UNK] stop in california .
donald trump is picking his cabinet . heres a shortlist . the new york times .
maybe the country needs trump to show ' authoritarian power ' '' property .
peter thiel donating $ 1.25 million to donald trump 's campaign .
kasich votes mccain instead of trump john kasich voted monday for 2008 republican n .
top [UNK] story emails warrant no new action against hillary clinton .
the agony of earth 's hottest year '' property .
un human rights chief warns of war crimes in aleppo .
louisville 's lamar jackson wins heisman trophy [UNK] .
[UNK] rebels fire 2 missiles at us navy destroyer in red sea .
all fighting in the besieged eastern aleppo ends , russia says syria fighters to leave in coming hours .
@asranomani is an immigrant , a muslim and a life-long liberal . she is also voted for trump .
billy bush , host on today , is suspended by nbc .
wi-fi passwords from airports around the world in one brilliant map .
fbi sends letter to congress saying email review completed , decision not to prosecute clinton stands .
indiegogo to launch campaigns combining perks and equity investment this year .
former cuban leader fidel castro dies '' property .
what happens when the electoral college goes rogue ?
those insanely long early voting lines were a result of republican voter suppression .
four americans were killed in attack in afghanistan , defense secretary ash carter says .
trump picks ex-wwe ceo linda mcmahon to serve as small business administration chief .
trump 's strategy to cut property taxes his own .
6 people stabbed at mental health facility outside pittsburgh ; suspect shot by police .
after the deaths of these 10 notable people , @nytimes photographed their private spaces as they left them .
facebook launches live 360 video from natgeo today , everyone next year .
chelsea clinton reportedly being groomed for congressional run via the @foxnews android app .
uber deploying self-driving cars from san francisco pilot in arizona instead .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
george pell in rome over sexual assault allegations .
fbi had to build custom software to separate huma abedin 's emails .
netflix users can chill over their data limits .
fun for kids , torture for parents .
in 6 years , drug wholesalers shipped million opioid pills into a west virginia .
approval ratings for south korean president park geun-hye have dipped into single digits .
why your facebook friends are checking in to standing rock check out via nyt the new york times .
china flies nuclear-capable bomber in south china sea after trump taiwan call , us officials .
va hospital left deceased veteran in shower room for 9 hours , report finds .
three mobile hack six million customers ' data at risk after employee [UNK] used to access database .
is the opioid crisis partly to blame for trump ? the new york times .
nobody believed in me how trump 's doggedness and defiance won white house .
federal judge excoriates floridas '' obscene '' '' undeclared war '' on voting rights .
mayor in taiwan wont seek investment trump representative discussed investment opportunities .
how self driving cars will exacerbate organ [UNK] shortages .
russian [UNK] carrier admiral kuznetsov passes through english channel .
at least 35 people have been killed and 40 injured in a nightclub attack in istanbul , governor .
issues where trumps cabinet picks and most americans [UNK] .
supreme court to rule in transgender access case .
at least 35 people have been killed and 40 injured in a nightclub attack in istanbul , governor .
this is the neo-nazi [UNK] bannon 's site described as leading '' intellectual .
the new york times ' latest election polls 2016 .
at least two dead in powerful new zealand earthquake .
boko haram releases 21 chibok girls to nigerian government .
it really is insane that trump got away with not releasing his tax returns .
this security camera was infected by malware 98 seconds after it was pluggedin .
i was a believer face-to-face with isis inside an iraqi prison @cnn .
obama vows action against russia for hacks via cnnbrk cnn retweet .
clinton ally helped fund campaign of key fbi officials wife .
the trump tape does n't matter '' property .
peter thiel to donate $ 1.25 million in support of donald trump .
these are @teslamotors ' stunning new solar roof tiles for homes .
tom price , obamacare critic , is said to be trumps choice for health secretary .
donald trump says he 'll sue sexual misconduct accusers .
bill clinton bashes trump , blames ' angry white men ' and comey for wife 's loss .
in news , whats fake and whats real can depend on what you want to believe .
columbia suspends wrestling season over lewd and racist text messages .
your surgeon is probably a republican , your psychiatrist probably a democrat .
trump is angry at nbc news for using this photo of him , so please do n't use this enhanced
chilling nasa video shows arctic ice vanish over 30 years .
obama plans farewell speech from chicago new york times .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
hillary clinton presses her advantage over a struggling donald trump .
local transmission of zika virus is reported in texas .
samsung asking all global partners to stop sales and exchanges of galaxy note7 while further investigation takes place .
three kansas militia arrested plotting to bomb apartment complex home to somali immigrants .
some new york city students allowed to skip class to join in trump protests .
a scandal too far ? huma abedin , hillary clinton , and a test of loyalty .
obama pardons 78 people and commutes 153 sentences , the most in one day by any president .
cut ties to donald trump , big donors [UNK] [UNK] .
trumps promises will be hard to keep , but coal country has faith new york times .
retweeted cnn breaking news widespread flooding expected for several days in north carolina .
looks in iphone 7 [UNK] at [UNK] cable . looks at new macbook pro [UNK] .
donald trump [UNK] taiwan back on the table , [UNK] a [UNK] .
the new york timess lawyer responds to donald trump .
clinton addresses new email inquiry .
how trump could gut public education [UNK] [UNK] betsy devos is set to become donald trumps .
trump mistook a black supporter at his rally for a [UNK] and called him a '' thug '' .
how to register to vote ? here are the deadlines to [UNK] you know .
got a hacked yahoo account ? its what you should do .
clinton tops trump by 6 pts the new york times .
apple removes new york times apps from its store in china by [UNK] [UNK] .
obama administration bars states from withholding federal money from planned parenthood new york times .
new yorkers volunteer to [UNK] commuters @cnn .
the horror is everything the gop could tolerate about donald trump .
donald trump settles trump university lawsuits .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
lesbian no longer works for many young queer women . but can a community exist without a name ?
apple 's new macbook pro just killed off the ports you probably need .
new york times election front pages .
megyn kelly tells tales out of fox news in her memoir , settle for more the truth [UNK] .
donald trump 's ' celebrity apprentice ' deal may include money from brands .
us election 2016 trump challenges clinton to drug test before debate .
suspect [UNK] 'd in separate ambush-style attacks that killed 2 iowa police officers .
john kelly , retired marine general , is trumps choice to lead homeland security .
top story from techcrunch amazon patents show flying warehouses that send [UNK] .
mexico city holds first day of the dead parade .
white women sold out the sisterhood and the world by voting for trump .
more than 160 republican leaders dont support donald trump . heres when they reached their breaking point .
russia requires apple and google to remove linkedin from local app stores .
if america wants to know what is coming , it should study what happened here .
coddling campus crybabies students take up toddler therapy after trump win via the @foxnews app .
a historic number of electors defected , and most were supposed to vote for clinton .
forget spectacles , group messaging is [UNK] most important launch in 2016 .
hundreds hospitalized in southeast fires more than 200 people have been hospitalized with breathing .
christmas service accidentally prints words to tupac 's hail mary instead of carol .
new climate-friendlier coolant has a catch new york times .
this security camera was infected by malware 98 seconds after it was pluggedin .
wonder woman now a un honorary ambassador for the empowerment of woman & amp ; girls .
obama to deliver farewell address in chicago #usefulupdates check it out here .
here 's who and who is not performing at trumps inauguration .
women ' nearing equality with men in alcohol consumption .
child refugees in turkey making clothes for uk [UNK] - bbc news .
donald trump threatens legal action against nbc over ' access hollywood ' tape .
f.b.i. chief james comey is in political crossfire again over emails .
hillary clinton blames f.b.i. director for election loss .
russia requires apple and google to remove linkedin from local app stores .
cia says i do n't believe it , intervened in the election .
federal district court stops [UNK] process on [UNK] to stop [UNK] [UNK] .
trump leads clinton in new florida poll donald trump has a 2 [UNK] point edge over .
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war .
the democrats are already screwing up the resistance .
clinton to join recount that trump calls ' scam ' '' property .
ohio lawmakers say bill that would ban abortions after a fetus ' heart .
a complete and updated list of all the sexual assault allegations against @realdonaldtrump .
fbi in internal feud over clinton probe .
chilling nasa video shows arctic ice vanish over 30 years .
uk betraying ' just about managing families .
attacks against american muslims surged last year , driving an overall increase in hate crimes .
trump said in 2014 that russian hacking was a ' big problem president-elect donald trump continues to question .
leon russell , member of rock & amp ; roll hall of fame , dies at 74 .
how donald trump talks about the rest of america he [UNK] with his [UNK] by [UNK] others .
trump picks elaine chao for transportation secretary '' property .
donald trumps income isnt always what he says it is , records suggest .
russian cyberforgery ring has created 250,000 fake websites to trick advertisers , researchers say .
teslas new solar roof tiles [UNK] [UNK] .
russia tests anti-satellite weapon #usefulupdates check it out here .
bbc news veteran broadcaster sir jimmy young dies aged 95 .
dylann roof found guilty in charleston church massacre .
donald trump 's path to 270 electoral votes is precarious but how he could do it .
ieee puts out a first draft guide for how tech can achieve ethical ai design .
richard [UNK] 1998 book suggested election 2016 was coming .
what makes a new york city kid ?
california professor caught on video calling trump 's election ' terrorism .
more than 160 republican leaders dont support donald trump . heres when they reached their breaking point .
college students want to kill foreign language requirements .
boing boing 's 2016 gift guide books .
world series game 5 indians [UNK] cubs [UNK] lead .
we are feeling what not having hope feels like ' '' property .
how the twinkie made the [UNK] even richer the new york times .
indian official blames womens western dress for mass molestation by [UNK] [UNK] via n .
obama bars future oil [UNK] in swaths of atlantic , arctic oceans via the @foxnews app .
trump ready to accept russia hacking report , if cia , fbi get on same page .
trumps health secretary pick , tom price , endangers women .
emails in anthony weiner inquiry [UNK] hillary clintons campaign .
crossing the line how donald trump behaved with women in private .
13 former george w . bush officials endorse hillary clinton in open letter .
ohio state university attacker killed , 11 hospitalized after campus attack .
were increasingly paying extra to get the digital version of a book or movie .
california hires eric holder as legal bulwark against donald trump .
bob dylan wins nobel literature prize .
catholic bishops challenge donald trump on immigration .
i live in a lie saudi women speak up .
top [UNK] story new york times names a.g. sulzberger deputy publisher .
exxon [UNK] chief rises as trumps choice for secretary of state new york times .
mayor says chicago will ' always be a sanctuary city ' in face of deportation threats .
google says it will run [UNK] on [UNK] energy in 2017 .
what kids wish their teachers knew what kids wish their teachers knew .
man is swallowed by roiling pool of hot acid at yellowstone .
bob dylan has won the nobel prize for literature .
obama 's out of office , he will not remain silent if trump goes too far .
stein spent nearly $ 1 million of recount funds on consultants , staff , admin expenses .
ruth bader ginsburg calls colin kaepernicks national anthem protest dumb .
i was n't offended ' by message of ' hamilton ' cast #usefulupdates check it out here .
justice department obtains warrant to review clinton aides emails .
rachel bloom , elizabeth banks , and others [UNK] a profane anti-trump anthem la '' we are the world .
obama bans drilling in parts of the atlantic and the arctic .
hyperloop one will build the first hyperloop system to go from dubai to abu dhabi in 12 min .
toronto star compiles list of almost 500 trump lies during the campaign .
philippine mayor accused of drug links by duterte is killed by police .
while we werent looking , snapchat revolutionized social networks .
nasa scientist warns earth is due for ' extinction-level ' event .
richard [UNK] 1998 book suggested election 2016 was coming .
20 places you should visit in your 20s .
fake news on facebook ? foreign elections , thats not new .
trump says he 's turning away ' billions ' but has ' right ' to do business deals .
zuckerberg implies facebook is a media company , just not a traditional media open to law suits .
fbi warrant released in clinton case , revealing extent of classified info on laptop .
lithium battery failure wipes out darpa robot at nasa .
hillary clinton is a ' moral , ethical choice ' for republicans .
the stories of how these families photographed celebrate thanksgiving .
more than 160 republican leaders dont support donald trump . heres when they reached their breaking point .
pharrell williams looks to shine a spotlight on the hidden figures new york times .
trump names children to transition team , creating [UNK] conflict of interest .
trump team asks state for info on gender programs @cnnpolitics .
second ' safe ' replacement catches fire '' property .
trump team resumes battle with press , hints at wh briefing changes .
at least 48 dead in [UNK] after drinking drinking bath lotion containing , a highly version of alcohol .
trump summons tv figures for private meeting , and lets them have it '' property .
berlin police says 9 dead and many injured .
american officials knew the interrogations would be painful . but they said it would not cause lasting harm .
donald trump speaks at the al smith dinner .
woman says trump reached under her skirt and groped her in early 1990s .
ohio state university attacker killed , 11 hospitalized after campus attack .
the new york times problem isnt donald trump 's mental health .
judge suspends rule expanding overtime for millions of workers .
trump says hillary clinton win would create constitutional crisis '' property .
hillary clinton wins dixville notch midnight vote .
what does a president-elect trump mean for silicon valley ? nothing very good .
jury acquits leaders of oregon standoff of federal charges .
religious leaders slam clinton campaign over emails .
extremely questionable , if not illegal behavior ' outside polling station '' property .
chibok schoolgirls swapped for nigerian boko haram militants .
destroyed by the islamic state , syria 's cultural sites will get a life at the louvre .
dreamers prepare for fight against trump '' property .
debbie reynolds , mother of carrie fisher , dies at [UNK] .
hints at compromise with trump , but he wo n't be able to ' ko obamacare .
wildlife refuge occupiers in shock acquittal .
how russia and turkey brokered peace in syria call .
huge mysterious ufo disc-shaped object captured crossing moon 's surface was alien spaceship , say et hunters .
rex tillerson , an aggressive dealmaker whose ties with russia may [UNK] [UNK] .
lock her up ? maybe not so much , giuliani and christie say #usefulupdates check it out here .
i 'm ' embarrassed ' by the campaign '' property .
snoop dogg slams colin kaepernick for castro praise , says choose between football , revolution .
retweeted cnn breaking news putin cancels french president suggests russia guilty of war crimes .
retweeted fox news obama , clinton should call for calm ; reid should ' be very careful .
retweeted cnn breaking news one person was shot tuesday at the will rogers world airport in .
xi jinping may be '' core leader '' of china , but hes still really nervous .
hashtags helping people with disabilities find community on social media .
it 's time to grow up hannity goes off on ' coddled .
battle for operation to [UNK] iraqi city from the new york times .
closing chinas ivory market will it save elephants ? check out via nyt the new york times .
how big banks are putting rain forests in peril the new york times .
video shows clinton coordinated with liberal group to incite crowds .
obama , with angela merkel in berlin , assails spread of fake news .
justice department to track use of force by police across u.s.
trending techcrunch news @mikeyuhn monese raises $ 10m series a for its banking .
pentagon says china will return underwater drone ; trump slams beijing .
i do n't know ' if trump will be better for supreme court than @hillaryclinton .
positive ratings for president obama as he exits via the @foxnews android app .
zadie smith on cultural appropriation , male critics , and how trump interests her novelistically .
on election day , trump still [UNK] he may not accept results via the @foxnews android app .
all tesla cars built from today on have all hardware needed for full self-driving .
new yorkers volunteer to [UNK] commuters @cnn .
a mass grave with remains of 100 beheaded civilians has been found in a school south mosul .
what ken bones porn preference tell us about internet privacy today .
us economy added 156,000 jobs in december and unemployment rate inched up to 4.7 % in jobs .
world series game 5 indians [UNK] cubs [UNK] lead .
85 year old [UNK] a marathon in under four hours .
a mom says her son was left in tears after being [UNK] by a santa in their town .
fierce fighting reported in palmyra as control of ancient syrian city switches between is and government forces .
jay clayton , wall street lawyer , is trump pick to lead sec .
donald trump is said to [UNK] to keep a stake in his business .
gay republicans explain why they 're supporting donald trump .
why does education translate to less support for donald trump ? new york times by [UNK] [UNK] .
clinton on new fbi email review we have not been contacted by anyone emails @cnnpolitics .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
trump says he 'll sue sexual misconduct accusers @cnnpolitics .
bob dylan wins nobel literature prize .
un says 82 civilians shot on the spot .
three mobile hack six million customers ' data at risk after employee [UNK] used to access database .
dozens of cities are considering a new way to raise revenue taxing your gilmore girls binge .
colombia and rebels sign new peace deal , this time skipping voters the new york times .
the lawyer who became duponts worst nightmare the new york times .
cities are cutting public transportation because they think uber will fill the gap . [UNK] [UNK] it .
gwen ifill , award-winning political reporter and author , dies at 61 .
donald trump jr. went to paris , where he held talks on syria with russia supporters .
there are 10 times more galaxies in our universe than we 'd estimated @cnn .
trump asking congress , not mexico , to pay for border wall .
boss tells pro-trump employees to resign via the @foxnews android app .
suck it up lawmaker wants to cut funding for schools coddling students over trump .
the breakthrough prizes treat scientists stars . here are this year . the new york times .
juanita broaddricks rape charges are credible . her attack on hillary clinton is not .
magic leap goes to finland in pursuit of nordic vr and ar talent .
trump claims , with no evidence , millions of people voted illegally .
while we werent looking , snapchat revolutionized social networks .
kendall jenner & amp ; join forces to launch wireless headphones .
trump takes credit for sprint plan to add 5,000 jobs in u.s.
bottled water or [UNK] how much does your choice matter ? take the quiz .
the president-elect is suing washington d.c. so he can pay less in taxes .
the f.b.i. director destroyed his own reputation #usefulupdates check it out here .
uber losses expected to hit $ 3 billion in 2016 .
uss [UNK] fired on again off coast of yemen .
retweeted fox news suspect in berlin christmas market attack came to germany as refugee .
time to end the electoral college the new york times .
what do social scientists say about you ? dont try so hard .
obama says he 'll speak out against trump if he thinks us ideals are at risk .
federal judge extends florida voter registration deadline '' property .
david duke ' deserves a bullet ' #usefulupdates check it out here .
next us president : faces a world of trouble .
a singers journey from solitary confinement to the met opera new york times .
federal judge extends voter registration in florida to october [UNK] due to hurricane matthew .
snapchat has quietly acquired an israeli startup for a reported $ 30 million to $ [UNK] .
your surgeon is probably a republican , your psychiatrist probably a democrat .
case accusing bush officials of 9/11 abuses heads to supreme court .
apple removes new york times apps from its store in china by [UNK] [UNK] .
the new york times i hardly expected my letter to donald trump to go viral .
73-year-old rocker mick jagger welcomes his eighth child .
reversing course , [UNK] says fracking can contaminate drinking water .
lawmaker 's ' suck it up , buttercup ' bill targets students ' trump hysteria .
donald trump should target [UNK] , trump should target [UNK] , cast his rage .
carter says us need to stay in iraq after isis defeat via the @foxnews android app .
donald trump is picking his cabinet . heres a shortlist . the new york times .
imagine a world without giraffes @cnn .
sinbad never made a genie movie called shazaam , and people [UNK] taking the news well .
making sense of at&t 's bid for time warner .
pat mccrory lost the north carolina governorship . now he & rsquo ; s trying to steal it .
h.i.v. cases surpass a million in russia , but little is done .
puts clinton 's chance of winning at [UNK] % .
watch this autonomous tesla drive from home to work on its own .
wasnt on ballot , but that was basically the result .
every 7 seconds , a young girl becomes a bride , report says .
heres how the federal government made the maps that crippled black neighborhoods .
dylann roof found guilty of all 33 federal charges he faced after last year 's massacre .
obama on 2016 election we have to remember that we 're actually all on one team .
lady tecniq news us-backed forces announce bid to seize isis ' capital ' in syria .
employees have ' tremendous problem ' with obamacare @cnnpolitics .
supreme court allows arizona ' ballot collection ' law .
michael moore to gop electors i will pay your fines if you do n't vote for trump .
shelter in place lifted , shelter in place closed , classes cancelled .
and the winner of startup battlefield at disrupt london 2016 .
fought to preserve alabamas long history of separate and unequal education .
obamas sacred duty [UNK] the wounded at walter [UNK] the new york times .
russia tests anti-satellite weapon #usefulupdates check it out here .
fbi discovered clinton-related emails weeks ago '' property .
donald trump used legally dubious method to avoid paying taxes .
black friday online sales to hit a record-breaking $ 3 billion , over $ 1 billion from mobile .
trump says his supporters were ' violent ' during campaign .
we should dump time zones .
sanctuary city mayors press obama to protect illegal immigrants from trump [UNK] .
trump floats an olive branch might keep parts of the health law the new york times .
australia says australia will transfer hundreds of refugees to the us .
samsung has permanently halted production & amp ; sales of its galaxy note 7 smartphone .
lil jon says donald trump called him uncle tom ' on ' celebrity apprentice .
woman thrown in front of subway train is killed , police say new york times .
the internet law that explains why 2016 was so terrible .
we are feeling what not having hope feels like ' '' property .
how hip-hop turned on trump and settled for clinton .
bill clinton bashes trump , blames ' angry white men ' and comey for wife 's loss .
[UNK] kids how to bring blocks to life with code .
obama ' lied directly and pointedly ' to the nation about hillary 's emails .
attacker opens fire at istanbul nightclub , news agency reports [UNK] .
u.s. seeks death for charleston shooting suspect . victims families prefer mercy .
73-year-old rocker mick jagger welcomes his eighth child .
why its not wrong to wish muslims merry christmas .
carter says us need to stay in iraq after isis defeat via the @foxnews android app .
countering trump , bipartisan voices strongly affirm findings on russian hacking .
donald trump blasts recount as ' ridiculous ' and ' a scam ' '' property .
retweeted fox news obama , clinton should call for calm ; reid should ' be very careful .
top [UNK] story emails warrant no new action against hillary clinton .
google says there are now 2 billion active chrome installs .
my mexico city is now a writer who knew it as a child [UNK] new york times .
trump secures victory in electoral college , as bid to flip electors flops .
john kelly , retired marine general , is trumps choice to lead homeland security .
trump 's beef with snl is no laughing matter @cnn .
chelsea manning tried committing suicide a second time in october check out via nyt the new york times .
hillary clinton calls fake news ' an epidemic ' #usefulupdates check it out here .
fake us embassy in ghana shut down after issuing illegally obtained authentic visas for a decade .
time spent on social media could be associated with a longer life , study says .
obama to deliver farewell address in chicago #usefulupdates check it out here .
religious leaders slam clinton campaign over emails .
trump ' has no idea how much he is being manipulated into helping iran and isis .
early voting data suggests clinton lags in north carolina compared to 2012 .
[UNK] why we need to subscribe to our newspapers . thank you , @washingtonpost & amp ; [UNK] .
google 's new photoscan app makes it easy to digitize old prints .
fearing trump , bar association [UNK] report calling him a libel bully .
undocumented man accused of kidnapping , raping 6-year-old girl in texas via the @foxnews android app .
how ' bambi ' got its look from 1,000 - year-old chinese art '' property .
california hires eric holder as legal bulwark against donald trump .
donald trump assails his accusers as liars , and unattractive .
can the & ldquo ; secret government & rdquo ; save us from donald trump ?
gay republicans explain why they 're supporting donald trump .
8 dead , 25 others wounded in chicago shootings .
alt right trolls argue for hours with twitter bot .
fox news electoral scorecard key states tilting toward trump after fbi 's october surprise .
trump mistook a black supporter at his rally for a [UNK] and called him a '' thug '' .
berlin police says 9 dead and many injured .
amy schumer and seth rogen 's bud light ads axed .
google and facebook ban fake news sites from their advertising networks .
mike pence answers body image question with pivot to terrorism .
veteran indian actor om puri , star of [UNK] east is east , has died aged 66 .
some big republican donors want rnc to cut ties with @realdonaldtrump .
north carolina gov . pat mccrory concedes race .
failed to kill android , now it is shuttering its services and os as part of a pivot .
top [UNK] story reading fake news , pakistani minister directs nuclear .
the [UNK] people , places & amp ; things donald trump has insulted on twitter a complete list .
new fbi files contain allegations of ' quid pro quo ' in clinton 's emails .
paul ryan said he wo n't defend donald trump @cnnpolitics .
president barack obama aims to send humans to mars by 2030 .
white house spokesman trump ' snorted his way through ' debates @cnnpolitics .
google flights will now tell you when fares will increase , help you find cheaper tickets .
ford to scrap mexico plant , invest in michigan due to trump policies .
trump didnt flip working-class whites . the rust belt revolt is myth .
women who survived boko haram violence were raped by obama at camps where they sought safety , [UNK] .
russia loses seat on un human rights council by just 2 votes .
charity cant replace the safety net . this new study is a reminder why .
david plouffe what i got wrong about the election .
a new chef 's knife from misen promises professional quality for $ 65 .
white [UNK] [UNK] trump 's top cabinet posts @cnnpolitics .
clinton addresses new email inquiry .
trump says u.s. should expand nuclear ability , but offers no details .
word of the year word of the day .
san francisco proposes new plan to clear tents off streets .
how donald trump talks about the rest of america he [UNK] with his [UNK] by [UNK] others .
macy 's is closing 68 stores , cutting 10,000 jobs .
donald trump ' grabbed me and went for the lips ' , says ninth accuser .
two powerful earthquakes hit italy near site of deadly august quake .
issues where trumps cabinet picks and most americans [UNK] .
joe biden to trump grow up , donald ' @cnnpolitics .
sinbad never made a genie movie called shazaam , and people [UNK] taking the news well .
protecting donald trump costs new york city more than $ 1 million a day .
more americans voted for hillary clinton than any other candidate .
women who survived boko haram violence were raped by obama at camps where they sought safety , [UNK] .
youtube stars say they were removed from delta flight for speaking arabic the new york times .
trump meets tech companies [UNK] .
judge orders trump to the witness chair before inauguration day .
donald trump expected to garner just 56.9 % of the electoral vote .
george michael , pop superstar , has died at 53 new york times .
pat mccrory lost the north carolina governorship . now he & rsquo ; s trying to steal it .
what if hamilton actor had said this to vice president-elect pence .
attackers open fire at nightclub in istanbul via nyt the new york times .
world 's largest marine protected area declared in [UNK] .
new zealand prime minister john key resigns via cnnbrk cnn .
north carolina legislature fails to repeal ' bathroom bill ' '' property .
a new tool can crack a credit card number in six seconds .
dna is not destiny , '' new research says '' property .
angela merkel calls for full-face [UNK] ban in germany new york times .
samsung asking all global partners to stop sales and exchanges of galaxy note7 while further investigation takes place .
lil jon says donald trump called him ' uncle tom ' during ' celebrity apprentice .
clintons did not [UNK] permits to renovate their new house home home .
lady tecniq news us-backed forces announce bid to seize isis ' capital ' in syria .
clinton campaign backs call for electors to get trump-russia intel briefing via the @foxnews app .
new poll shows clinton over trump by double-digits @cnnpolitics .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
obama bans drilling in parts of the atlantic and the arctic .
amazon plans to enter southeast asia with singapore launch in q1 2017 .
20 things donald trump said he wanted to get rid of as president .
army blocks drilling of dakota access oil pipeline new york times .
says she never had an abortion but ' i wish i had via [UNK] .
jared fogle 's ex-wife sues subway , alleging it failed to alert authorities he was pedophile .
harvard cancels rest of mens soccer season over lewd ratings of female players .
hyperloop one will build the first hyperloop system to go from dubai to abu dhabi in 12 min .
trump 's transition staff has ordered politically appointed ambassadors to leave their posts by inauguration day .
fake story about obamas , hillary clinton ensnares sean hannity .
peter thiel donating $ 1.25 million to donald trump 's campaign .
china bans its ivory trade , moving against elephant poaching this is very interesting .
alabama secretary of state says helping more people vote would cheapen work of civil rights heroes .
soldier in uniform attacked after philadelphia parade , family says via the @foxnews android app .
toronto star compiles list of almost 500 trump lies during the campaign .
all tesla cars built from today on have all hardware needed for full self-driving .
arms dealer says obama made him scapegoat on libya operation to ' protect ' clinton .
new [UNK] let soldiers wear hijabs , turbans and religious beards via the @foxnews app .
[UNK] new 5 note , stronger and safer , isnt [UNK] for [UNK] .
the most-read stories of 2016 the new york times .
fox news poll majority says russian hacking made no difference in 2016 election .
hillary clinton now has over 2 million more votes than donald trump .
dr. henry heimlich , who invented the [UNK] heimlich maneuver , dies at 96 .
with trump in power , the fed gets ready for a reckoning .
[UNK] de [UNK] why bob dylan shouldnt have gotten a nobel .
hacked emails show donna brazile shared questions for candidate events with clintons campaign .
syrian government announces [UNK] backed by russia and turkey new york times .
primo toys rolls out cubetto , a wooden robot that teaches kids to code .
a complete and updated list of all the sexual assault allegations against @realdonaldtrump .
pope extends power to forgive abortion '' property .
this is the new macbook pro with the magic toolbar mini new york times .
the strain in american-israeli relations is dividing jews in the united states .
kentucky football game shooting leaves 2 dead gunfire erupted at an annual thanksgiving day .
killer whale at center of ' blackfish ' dies via cnnbrk cnn retweet .
trump will soon several tools to begin nullifying the obama climate agenda .
if youre making resolutions for a healthier new year , consider a gut makeover .
i just nominated [UNK] for the [UNK] best startup .
after blasting clinton , pence in an email battle of his own .
white women sold out the sisterhood and the world by voting for trump .
after brexit , tolerant britons adopted adopted of solidarity . we should , too .
chelsea manning tried committing suicide a second time in october check out via nyt the new york times .
chicago records 762 homicides in 2016 , up 57 percent from previous year .
malta has become the first european country after [UNK] therapy .
trump asking congress , not mexico , to pay for border wall .
is donald trump already walking away from campaign promises ?
david plouffe what i got wrong about the election .
[UNK] is far less dangerous than smoking , a fact that is rarely pointed to public .
cancer patient wins a year of free pizza , gives it to food bank '' property .
israelis called trump to weigh in ahead of un security council vote .
92 % of americans earned more than parents had . today , 50 % .
hackers have gained access to 1.3 million google accounts by infecting android phones through illegitimate .
donald trump reacted to the death of fidel castro .
inside a fake news [UNK] factory this is all about income .
trump plans to replace governing with gimmickry . the #carrier jobs are only the start .
13 people killed , 31 injured in california tour bus crash .
new $ 4b navy destroyer malfunctions in panama canal #usefulupdates check it out here .
how russia pulled off the biggest election hack in u.s. history .
alt right conspiracy image generator you should be the new york times .
how self driving cars will exacerbate organ [UNK] shortages .
vc firm daphni announces its first $ 165 million fund .
insurance policies on slaves new york [UNK] [UNK] past .
a lorry ploughs into a christmas market in the heart of berlin , killing nine people .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
youtube stars say they were removed from delta flight for speaking arabic the new york times .
this security camera was infected by malware 98 seconds after it was plugged in .
dylann roof found guilty of all 33 federal charges he faced after last year 's massacre .
life expectancy in u.s. declines [UNK] , and researchers are [UNK] .
donald trumps israel ambassador pick is hazardous to peace .
52 places to go in 2017 .
fake story about obamas , hillary clinton ensnares sean hannity .
new york public library [UNK] [UNK] books in a time lapse video .
oliver hart and bengt holmstrom win nobel in economics for work on contracts .
dynamic signal gets $ 25m led by [UNK] to replace the company bulletin board .
multiple dead , ' at least 6 injured in shooting at fort lauderdale airport .
donald trump wins alaska , cbs news projects .
how does a moma conservator clean a picasso ? not so much .
obama challenges gop to spell out obamacare alternative #usefulupdates check it out here .
veterans to serve as human shields for dakota pipeline protesters .
how self driving cars will exacerbate organ [UNK] shortages .
zuckerberg 's jarvis home ai is like an alexa that learns your musical tastes .
rodrigo duterte says donald trump endorses his violent antidrug campaign .
bernie sanders where the democrats go from here .
craig sager dies at 65 #usefulupdates check it out here .
20 things donald trump said he wanted to get rid of as president .
retweeted fox news california history teacher placed on leave after comparing trump to hitler .
thank you , huma . good job , huma donald trump .
house republicans back down on bid to gut ethics office .
missing woman found chained ' like a dog via jusswaggtv .
what we 've learned from the hacked emails of hillary clinton 's campaign @cnnpolitics .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
a complete and updated list of all the sexual assault allegations against @realdonaldtrump .
enough with the tweets , chinas state media tells trump .
[UNK] kids how to bring blocks to life with code .
at least 9 dead , dozens injured in japanese city .
tears ' and ' fear [UNK] harry reid is not taking trump 's election well .
73-year-old rocker mick jagger welcomes his eighth child .
kathleen kane , former pennsylvania attorney general , is sentenced to prison new york times .
facebook coo sheryl sandberg on social network , do do n't think it swayed the election .
fbi discovered clinton-related emails weeks ago the fbi discovered clinton-related [UNK] .
why women did not unite to vote against fish taco .
democrats are looking for '' someone entirely new for 2020 .
amazon makes good on its promise to delete '' incentivized '' reviews .
twitter debate lead was ' swelled by bots .
record number of journalists jailed in 2016 , press advocacy group says new york times .
donald trump used legally dubious method to avoid paying taxes .
teslas new solar roof tiles [UNK] [UNK] .
6 ways trump could win 270 electoral votes .
the electoral college has affirmed donald j . trump as the nations 45th president , pushing him past .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
voters in five states will get to decide whether marijuana should be legal to use recreationally .
clandestine somalia campaign is a blueprint for warfare that obama has embraced and will pass to successor .
the nes classic edition and all 30 games on it .
more than 160 republican leaders dont support donald trump . heres when they reached their breaking point .
white women sold out the sisterhood and the world by voting for trump .
princeton calls its men 's swimming and diving team after [UNK] [UNK] .
you crybabies are why trump won ! [UNK] [UNK] 's message to protesters goes viral .
joey barton has been charged by the fa after ' placing 1260 bets in the past ten years .
trump [UNK] gross revenue , as opposed to net income after expenses .
@hillaryclinton will help help with his goal of making kids ' '' dreams become a reality [UNK] .
obama on trump tape that 's not right ' @cnnpolitics .
trending techcrunch news @mikeyuhn neurable nets $ 2 million to build [UNK] .
watch kate mckinnon perform by singing leonard cohens hallelujah .
new features put instagram more directly into competition and into a heightened rivalry with snapchat .
hillary clinton is narrowing in on donald trump 's lead in texas .
hillary clinton speech online , according to the new york times .
why i will not cast my electoral vote for donald trump .
obama administration ending program once used to track mostly arab and muslim men .
trump 's battle against illegal immigrant sanctuary church steps via the @foxnews android app .
a hot souvenir from cuba for some americans new york times .
trending techcrunch news @mikeyuhn microsoft hits a speech recognition milestone with a [UNK] .
trump to postpone first press conference until january #usefulupdates check it out here .
retweeted fox news eu and canada sign long-delayed free trade deal .
she took me apart like a toy watch [UNK] watch said one lawyer who ran up against hillary .
$ 25 pays for a day of calls look at the new york times .
saving coal is one promise to [UNK] donald trump wont be able to keep .
pence taking over transition effort from christie via the @foxnews android app .
how donald trump avoided paying taxes using other peoples money .
a mutation that keeps one woman on the brink of starvation may hold the secret to treating .
voters in five states will get to decide whether marijuana should be legal to use recreationally .
former astronaut and us sen. john glenn , 95 , has been hospitalized .
top story de [UNK] mike flynn has pushed fake news at least 16 times since s .
thousands of men to be [UNK] for gay sex , once a crime in britain .
philippine mayor accused of drug links by duterte is killed by police .
trump 's beef with snl is no laughing matter @cnn .
[UNK] carlson on her fight against sexual harassment .
president franois hollande said he wo n't run for re-election via jusswaggtv .
south korean parliament votes to [UNK] president park geun-hye .
finland to hand out cash to 2,000 jobless people , free of [UNK] or limits on side earnings .
fbi sends letter to congress saying email review completed , decision not to prosecute clinton stands .
the democrats are already screwing up the resistance .
french iot startup sigfox confirms 150m series e at 600m .
the democrats are already screwing up the resistance .
taibbi on amy goodman arrest for covering dakota pipeline story .
award-winning indian actor om puri dies aged 66 .
trump adviser on taiwan call if china does n't like it , screw ' em via jusswaggtv .
your experience is probably worth a lot less than you think .
trump pledges to unite country on ' thank you ' tour #usefulupdates check it out here .
how one 19-year-old illinois man is distorting national polling averages .
tennessee fires blaze into third day #usefulupdates check it out here .
retweeted cnn breaking news as many as 50,000 isis fighters have been killed .
myanmar detains police officers over rohingya beating video .
retweeted [UNK] [UNK] trump says everything is broken , rigged .
[UNK] agrees strict new licensing deal with islington council to reopen .
i talked to the it guy whose & ldquo ; typo & rdquo ; helped russia [UNK] hack .
suicide [UNK] kill at least 19 in baghdad via jusswaggtv .
will ivanka trump be the most powerful first daughter in history .
russian ambassador to turkey is assassinated in ankara the new york times .
[UNK] [UNK] under the northern lights .
trump 's choices of cabinet renew debate to oil drilling via the @foxnews app .
us veterans join north dakota standing rock protests .
trump praises putin over response to us sanctions , calls him ' very smart .
snapchat has quietly acquired an israeli startup for a reported $ 30 million to $ [UNK] .
sleepless in seattle the price of sleep-deprived workers to the us .
stein 's recount turns up more votes than voters in detroit [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] .
many in milwaukee didnt vote and dont regret it .
iceberg the size of delaware to break off from antarctica via jusswaggtv .
6 books to help understand trumps win .
new york times smoking will be banned in public housing nationwide .
conway defends trump 's ' hamilton ' twitter scrap why do you care ' @cnnpolitics .
california professor caught on video calling trump 's election ' terrorism .
donald trump rushed offstage by security .
galaxy note 7 owners told to turn off [UNK] after reports of catching fire .
trump 's battle against illegal immigrant sanctuary church steps via the @foxnews android app .
oakland fire kills at least 9 at warehouse party .
pearl jam , tupac shakur and joan baez will join the rock and roll hall of fame .
join us to talk about the best tech at ces '' by [UNK] author via nyt .
donald trump , the fake news from the new york times .
early voting data suggests clinton lags in north carolina compared to 2012 .
yes , being called racist is just like someone trying to set you on being muslim .
us election 2016 trump challenges clinton to drug test before debate .
the electoral college is an instrument of white supremacy -- and sexism .
football team ends boycott , will play in bowl game .
fbi warrant released in clinton case , revealing extent of classified info on laptop .
en [UNK] noticias u.n. drops wonder woman as an ambassador .
ohio state university attacker killed , 11 hospitalized after campus attack .
us election 2016 trump challenges clinton to drug test before debate .
52 places to go in 2017 .
kentucky football game shooting leaves 2 dead #usefulupdates check it out here .
the new york timess lawyer responds to donald trump .
john glenn , american hero of the space age , dies at 95 .
a complete and updated list of all the sexual assault allegations against @realdonaldtrump .
how does the electoral college work and is it fair ?
president franois hollande said he wo n't run for re-election via jusswaggtv .
when a cigarette appears in a movie , turkish censors either blur it or put a cartoon flower .
indian point nuclear power plant to close by 2021 .
donald trump deposition completed earlier thursday president-elect donald trump completed a deposition [UNK] .
i was n't offended ' by message of ' hamilton ' cast #usefulupdates check it out here .
the pieces of zadie smith [UNK] , [UNK] , mother , writer , female on becoming whole w .
nypd changes policy , will allow officers to wear turbans .
putin was personally involved in the us election hack .
trump says ' hamilton ' cast ' [UNK] ' to pence , ' [UNK] ' him , wants apology [UNK]
we should just cancel the election ' and declare me the winner .
donald trump leads hillary clinton in electoral votes [UNK] to [UNK] as of .
clinton campaign backs call for electors to get trump-russia intel briefing via the @foxnews app .
businessman wilbur ross is a leading contender for commerce secretary .
as ratings plummet , n.f.l. considers reducing ads and length of games new york times .
facebook built censorship tool to get into china despite human rights risks .
tom hayden , famed anti-vietnam war activist , dies '' property .
donald trump claims , with no evidence , that millions of people voted illegally .
trump picks campaign adviser friedman as us ambassador to israel #usefulupdates check it out here .
donald trump ' grabbed me and went for the lips ' , says ninth accuser .
the answer is embedded in the question .
fbi sends letter to congress saying email review completed , decision not to prosecute clinton stands .
we 'll ensure brexit really mean [UNK] leader 's 1st speech .
the democratic party establishment is finished . what a joke .
trump takes credit for helping to save a ford plant that wasnt closing .
donald trumps income isnt always what he says it is , records suggest .
conway defends trump 's ' hamilton ' twitter scrap why do you care ' @cnnpolitics .
janet reno , first female us attorney general , dies .
why light bulbs may be the next hacker target the new york times .
how did walmart get cleaner stores and higher sales ? it paid its people more .
paul beatty wins man booker prize with the sellout .
@asranomani is an immigrant , a muslim and a life-long liberal . she is also voted for trump .
[UNK] jon voight defends trump remarks , blasts robert de niro for ' ugly rant .
retweeted bruce hudson stop pretending theres a difference between '' online '' and '' real .
twitter has the right to suspend donald trump . but it shouldnt . by [UNK] [UNK] .
malta hijackers surrender after releasing libyan [UNK] passengers .
hackers used new weapons to disrupt major websites across u.s. the new york times .
36 hours in toronto the new york times .
jeff sessions as attorney general [UNK] disaster for civil rights in america .
red wine hot chocolate is a thing , and its [UNK] .
christie vetoes bill banning solitary confinement for children , pregnant women , and the mentally ill .
boss tells pro-trump employees to resign via the @foxnews android app .
google pixel review assessing the new smartphone the new york times .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
trump takes credit for sprint plan to add 5,000 jobs in u.s.
sheriff joe arpaio loses bid for 7th [UNK] in arizona new york times .
porn accidentally airs instead of cnn in boston for 30 minutes .
rarely live stream , but 1m people '' live chill '' [UNK] .
trump calls for drug test ahead of next debate @cnnpolitics .
you are fascinated with sex and you do n't care about public policy .
donald trump on accuser take a look at her . i do n't think so .
trump is angry at nbc news for using this photo of him , so please do n't use this enhanced
trump a ' selfish little sleaze ball ' '' property .
a list of statements by donald trump that are at odds with the united states constitution .
is kim jong un the world 's most dangerous man via jusswaggtv .
luke skywalker ' says trump 's cabinet full of ' really despicable people .
rick perry , energy secretary , may be pressed to resume nuclear tests .
public barred from viewing [UNK] legislative coup ; reporter arrested .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
fake news on facebook ? foreign elections , thats not new .
want to change your vote ? some states say no problem in some states !
trump wants james mattis for secretary of defense @cnnpolitics .
what it takes for alec baldwin to warily humanize a man he reviles on .
nevada judge denies trump request to separate early voting ballots [UNK] @cnnpolitics .
after a trip back in time , michael stipe is ready to return to music .
chelsea manning tried committing suicide a second time in october check out via nyt the new york times .
justice department to north carolina stop illegally purging black voters from the rolls .
north korea will test intercontinental ballistic missile , kim says the new york times .
trump 's beef with snl is no laughing matter @cnn .
how self driving cars will exacerbate organ [UNK] shortages .
trumps health secretary pick , tom price , endangers women .
[UNK] jon voight defends trump remarks , blasts robert de niro for ' ugly rant .
peter thiel donating $ 1.25 million to donald trump 's campaign .
inside the room with president-elect donald trump by michael [UNK] via nyt .
exxon c.e.o. said to be top contender for secretary of state ; giuliani is out yes .
trump takes credit for helping to save a ford plant that wasnt closing .
donald trump is picking his cabinet . heres a shortlist . the new york times .
repo man pays off elderly couple 's car , gives it back .
jeff sessions as attorney general an [UNK] to justice .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
retweeted cnn breaking news new spider species discovered by indian scientists named after .
how pearl harbor shaped the modern world the new york times .
merriam-webster declares ' surreal ' as 2016 word of the year .
retweeted fox news hundreds of va dental patients possibly exposed to hiv , hepatitis .
jeff sessions as attorney general [UNK] disaster for civil rights in america .
philip [UNK] personal library to be housed in a special room at the newark public library .
after stock indexes plunged overnight rise calmly as markets absorbed trump 's presidential victory .
fbi releases documents on bill clinton 's [UNK] pardon of financier rich .
suicide [UNK] kill at least 19 in baghdad via jusswaggtv .
rodrigo duterte of philippines calls u.n. human rights chief an idiot via nyt the new york times .
mccain calls hearing on cyber threats #usefulupdates check it out here .
russia tests anti-satellite weapon #usefulupdates check it out here .
yemen sees u.s. strikes as evidence of hidden hand behind saudi air war via the @foxnews app .
mark zuckerberg and facebook must defend the truth the new york times .
flutterwave aims to unify africa 's fragmented payment systems and empower small businesses .
awaiting the next u.s. president ? a splintered middle east in free fall .
7.3 - magnitude earthquake strikes off japan . tsunami [UNK] issued .
army corps orders protesters to leave campsite or face arrest .
a map of airport [UNK] passwords from around the the world .
being american in the trump years new york times .
louisville 's lamar jackson wins heisman trophy [UNK] .
donald trump is picking his cabinet . heres a shortlist . the new york times .
professor with remarkable track record predicts a trump election win .
andy murray becomes world number one after raonic withdraws from paris masters .
bob dylan wins nobel literature prize .
trump 's ethical standards wo n't matter until they become gop 's problem @slate .
trump team says ' move on , ' after obama calls for cyber-hacking probe via the @foxnews app .
james bond of philanthropy gives away the last of his [UNK] .
donald trump threatens legal action against nbc over ' access hollywood ' tape .
world 's largest marine protected area declared in [UNK] .
british government backs plan for 3rd runway at heathrow by stephen [UNK] via nyt the new york times .
cuomo proposes free tuition at new york state colleges for [UNK] students .
enough with the tweets , chinas state media tells trump .
fish taco loves new york . but it doesnt love him back .
china flies nuclear-capable bomber in south china sea after trump taiwan call , us officials .
donald trump settles trump university lawsuits .
espn pays top dollar for football , but audience isnt buying .
[UNK] 's top story trump 's twitter mostly to whatevers in front .
retweeted cnn breaking news these canadians ran a coffee shop and helped orphans .
retweeted cnn breaking news 83 people arrested at dakota access pipeline protest .
angela merkel calls for ban on full-face veils in germany .
new $ 4b navy destroyer malfunctions in panama canal via jusswaggtv .
china bans its ivory trade , moving against elephant poaching this is very interesting .
a pregnant restaurant server gets a $ 900 tip via jusswaggtv .
2 clemson to meet no . 1 alabama in college football 's championship game after wins .
ny subway riders stand by and watch as three men verbally assault muslim get you feel !
president-elect donald trump says it was a '' great honour '' being with president barack obama .
all defendants found not guilty of oregon [UNK] .
watch our new series bitcoin and the blockchain .
less defiant trump at new york times i hope we can all get along .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
[UNK] 's is embracing a caramel filling for the first time in its 75-year history .
sorry , north carolina , but you do n't really count as a democracy anymore .
at least 10 electors demand intelligence briefing before electoral college vote .
vatican issues new guidelines on cremation , says no to scattering ashes @cnn .
trump star on hollywood walk of fame is smashed the new york times .
afghanistan 's vice president is accused of assaulting rival and taking him hostage .
this is the surface studio , microsoft 's new [UNK] pc .
trump jr. ' s joke about aurora theater shooting sparks anger in colorado via the @foxnews app .
yahoo makes it difficult to leave its service by disabling automatic email forwarding .
how russia pulled off the biggest election hack in u.s. history .
will enough electors go rogue to stop donald trump ? the effort alone gives you a little hope .
12 dead in school bus crash in tennessee .
trump transition team appointments indicate a bid to dismantle net neutrality .
donald trump is a racist . heres why many americans dont see him that way .
samsung tells users turn off your galaxy note 7 now .
some florida parents plan to arm themselves while going trick-or-treating over clown concerns .
voters in five states will get to decide whether marijuana should be legal to use recreationally .
justice department obtains warrant to search abedin emails via jusswaggtv .
senate republicans take the first step to repeal obamacare .
four more charged in flint water crisis #usefulupdates check it out here .
rockettes not required to dance at trump inauguration , company says .
carrier to ultimately cut some of jobs trump saved .
china bans its ivory trade , moving against elephant poaching this is very interesting .
hillary clinton & rsquo ; s wall street speeches just leaked . do n't look good .
trump 's strategy to cut property taxes his own .
berlin police says 9 dead and many injured .
thank you , donald trump the new york times .
retweeted cnn breaking news one person was shot tuesday at the will rogers world airport in .
samsung estimates a $ 2.3 billion loss over galaxy [UNK] 7 troubles .
putin was personally involved in the us election hack .
the lives they lived remembering the notable people we lost in 2016 .
trump leads clinton in new florida poll donald trump has a 2 [UNK] point edge over .
12 books to read in your 20s .
trumps health secretary pick , tom price , endangers women .
obama [UNK] two new national monuments , protecting 1.35 million acres .
[UNK] 3 decades of global water change how water has changed across earth 's surface .
trump 's repeated lashing out at anyone who dares criticize him should worry every us citizen .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
perry said to be trumps top candidate for energy secretary .
pundit compares ben carson to rapper famed singer ghostface killah .
i am a gay jew in trumps america , i am afraid afraid for my life .
we have an evidence-based method for treating opioid addiction . we dont use it .
donald trump booed at annual alfred e . smith dinner .
i was n't offended ' by message of ' hamilton ' cast #usefulupdates check it out here .
chicago records 762 homicides in 2016 , up 57 percent from previous year .
trump ally asked to resign from school board over racist [UNK] .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
the new 64-bit orange pi is a quad-core computer for $ 20 .
shares soar as video service posts jump in subscribers .
hillary clinton likely received more votes than any presidential candidate [UNK] obama .
the seven main reasons democrats shouldnt donate to steins recount fund .
the [UNK] strikes back we thought women would break new ground in 2016 .
bloody xmas weekend more than 40 shot , 11 killed in chicago .
campaign says clinton still has n't talked to abedin about new emails .
senate votes to extend iran sanctions [UNK] .
increasingly paranoid isis leader reportedly refuses to sleep without suicide vest .
man gets $ 75 after being wrongly imprisoned for 31 years via jusswaggtv .
wi-fi passwords from airports around the world in one brilliant map .
trump calls for revoking flag burners citizenship . court rulings forbid it .
crowds cheer castro 's death in little havana '' property .
trump named time person of the year president of the divided states of the year .
if hillary clinton groped men if hillary clinton groped men .
donald trump says any potential conflicts of interest were priced into your vote .
trump is set to undermine the things you take for granted in government .
cnn top stories conway deflects on trump camp 's claims of assassination attempt .
afghan security forces have suffered more than 4,500 deaths in the last 6 month .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
google 's new photoscan app makes it easy to digitize old prints .
florence henderson , upbeat mom of the brady bunch , dies at 82 .
the trump tape does n't matter '' property .
justice department to north carolina stop illegally purging black voters from the rolls .
workers at chicago international airport announced they will go on [UNK] strike .
a whale takes up residence in the hudson river .
trump appears with clinton accusers before [UNK] 's [UNK] @cnnpolitics .
donald trump is an emotional weakling . heres how to manipulate him .
kentucky football game shooting leaves 2 dead #usefulupdates check it out here .
i just nominated [UNK] for the [UNK] vc of the year .
the #trumpscomingchallenge is sending students fleeing @cnnpolitics .
trumps extremist supporters feel like winners either way '' property .
retweeted cnn breaking news widespread flooding expected for several days in north carolina .
the winner of the second presidential debate .
syrian rebels brace for a trump cutoff , and look for a [UNK] lining .
saudi arabia , where even milk depends on oil , [UNK] to [UNK] its economy .
[UNK] far right signs a cooperation pact with [UNK] party and meets with flynn .
new ebola vaccine gives 100 percent protection new york times .
she took me apart like a toy watch [UNK] watch said one lawyer who ran up against hillary .
trump speaks with taiwan 's president , breaking with decades of delicate policy on china .
obama to confront trump triumph at news conference @cnnpolitics .
dylann roof killed 9 in mental carolina , he wo n't present mental .
on friday [UNK] , facebook started telling users that their pages had been memorialized . then things got .
the 5 easiest & amp ; 5 most difficult promises for @realdonaldtrump to keep .
china bans its ivory trade , moving against elephant poaching this is very interesting .
mexico city holds first day of the dead parade .
trump picks rex tillerson , exxon c.e.o. , as secretary of state .
voting early , and in droves nearly 22 million ballots are already in .
giuliani says he never saw hillary @ ground zero . here are photos of [UNK] [UNK] .
donald trump settles trump university lawsuits .
trump hits clinton over jay z 's [UNK] at concert .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
5 things to think about before buying your child a cell phone for christmas .
trump 's muslim ban got far less attention than clintons emails .
donald trump blasts recount as ' ridiculous ' and ' a scam ' '' property .
trump is considering ' special session ' to repeal obamacare on inauguration day .
federal judge extends voter registration in florida to october [UNK] due to hurricane matthew .
the 700 million women married in childhood could grow to around 950 million by 2030 .
at least 27 killed in central baghdad .
in scotland , trump built a wall . then he sent residents the bill .
new fbi files contain allegations of ' quid pro quo ' in clinton 's emails .
trump says u.s. should expand nuclear ability , but offers no details .
reversing course , [UNK] says fracking can contaminate drinking water .
kellyanne conway 's husband on trump short list #usefulupdates check it out here .
unemployment drops to 4.6 % , lowest since 2007 thank you president obama .
nigel farage , donald trump hold meeting '' property .
some americans are cutting up trump ties and no longer drinking trump wines .
elena ferrante wants privacy . her new book implies otherwise .
im a doctor . if i drop food on the [UNK] floor , i still eat it .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
obama challenges gop to spell out obamacare alternative #usefulupdates check it out here .
exxon [UNK] chief rises as trumps choice for secretary of state new york times .
two-time wimbledon champion petra kvitova has been injured in a knife attack at her home , two-time .
david duke ' deserves a bullet ' #usefulupdates check it out here .
joe mcknight , former nfl player , killed in terrytown shooting .
eu ' should prepare for returning jihadists .
carrier to ultimately cut some of jobs trump saved .
house republicans back to gut independent ethics office .
a guide to the most important quotes from the nyts interview with donald .
a historic number of electors defected , and most were supposed to vote for clinton .
why not smart guns in this high-tech era ? the new york times .
secretary of state giuliani ? hes the leading choice , trump aides say .
[UNK] newtop story charged a fee for getting arrested , whether [UNK] .
social media did a better job at predicting trump 's win than the polls .
some republicans who deserted donald trump over lewd tape are returning .
hillary clinton 's lead in popular vote nears 2 million @cnnpolitics .
please read this ! it is essential to an understanding of where we are now .
for obama and netanyahu , a final clash after years of conflict new york times .
berlin attack suspect anis amri shot dead by police in [UNK] .
clinton tells fundraisers fbi comey letter sank presidential bid via the @foxnews android app .
watch donald trump call paula jones '' a loser '' in 1998 .
nobel prize has stopped knock , knock , knocking on bob dylan 's door '' property .
mexico doesnt have to appease trump . it can fight back .
trump tower is 68 floors tall , says he exaggerated the size of many of many issues .
we are feeling what not having hope feels like ' '' property .
leonard cohen dead at 82 .
civil rights pioneer viola desmond will be on the canadian $ 10 bill .
attackers open fire at nightclub in istanbul via nyt the new york times .
facebook , microsoft , twitter and youtube collaborate to remove terrorist content from their services .
1,000 clinton-petraeus emails missing from records sent to state , fbi files show .
facebook launches augmented reality selfie '' masks '' for live video .
where do you vote ? where does you vote ?
lawyer accuses justice thomas of groping her at party in 1999 .
made '' identity '' its word of the year .
the brilliance of a stradivari violin might rest within its wood .
trump is angry at nbc news for using this photo of him , so please do n't use this enhanced
david duke ' deserves a bullet ' #usefulupdates check it out here .
chicago records 762 homicides in 2016 , up 57 percent from previous year .
when mike tyson was convicted of rape , donald trump came to his defense '' property .
retweeted bbc breaking news new zealand prime minister john key says two people killed in .
clinton ally helped fund campaign of key fbi officials wife .
the agony of earth 's hottest year '' property .
george soros pledges $ 10 million to fight hate crimes new york times .
20 things donald trump said he wanted to get rid of as president .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
u.s. says new jersey town town that denied mosque discriminated against muslims .
suicide [UNK] kill at least 19 in baghdad via jusswaggtv .
trump speaks with taiwans leader , an affront to china new york times .
man says chipotle fired him for refusing to participate in its ` shady practices .
here 's a list of celebrities who vow to leave the us if donald trump wins .
plane carrying members of brazilian soccer team crashes in colombia via the @foxnews app .
no , you ca n't vote by text message #usefulupdates check it out here .
apple removes new york times apps from its store in china by [UNK] [UNK] .
bob dylan has won the nobel prize for literature .
donald trump , in louisiana , says he will end energy regulations .
every company is a technology company , but most dont behave like one .
fox news electoral scorecard key states tilting toward trump after fbi 's october surprise .
trumps promises will be hard to keep , but coal country has faith new york times .
we are orphans here [UNK] and death in east jerusalems palestinian refugee camp .
pat mccrory lost the north carolina governorship . now he & rsquo ; s trying to steal it .
twitter still might save vine by selling it .
china agrees to return seized drone , ending standoff , pentagon says .
wi-fi passwords from airports around the world in one brilliant map .
mar-a-lago , the future winter white house and home of the calmer trump .
trump 's wild misrepresentation of obama 's response to a protester @cnnpolitics .
pentagon demands china return us underwater drone @cnnpolitics .
four arrested after facebook live video shows man being tied up , beaten via the @foxnews android app .
medical and health news that stuck with us in 2016 .
rodrigo duterte says donald trump endorses his violent antidrug campaign .
mary jo white to step down as sec chief new york times .
vp biden was interrupted during trump 's electoral vote certification 11 times .
paul beatty wins man booker prize with the sellout .
a new chef 's knife from misen promises professional quality for $ 65 .
new doping tests [UNK] the [UNK] [UNK] .
hate crime charges filed in chicago beating streamed on facebook live via the @foxnews app .
man gets $ 75 after being wrongly imprisoned for 31 years via jusswaggtv .
bmw signs on to develop in-car ai and iot services with ibm 's watson .
life expectancy in u.s. declines [UNK] , and researchers are [UNK] .
a time for refusal . it 's a time for refusal .
elaine chao is said to be trumps pick for transportation secretary .
how the brown rat conquered the world .
donald trump meets with al gore on climate change .
hillary clinton likely received more votes than any presidential candidate [UNK] obama .
jill stein drops pennsylvania recount effort , ending unlikely push against new york times .
pope francis compares media 's focus on scandal to feces [UNK] .
[UNK] far right signs a cooperation pact with [UNK] party and meets with flynn .
some florida parents plan to arm themselves while going trick-or-treating over clown concerns .
how a putin fan overseas pushed pro-trump propaganda to americans .
fbi agents knew of clinton-related emails weeks before director was briefed '' property .
i made hillary clinton president . play the bbc 's predict the president game .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
trump names carl icahn as adviser on [UNK] [UNK] wall street [UNK] .
new to instagram stories boomerang , mentions and links .
american express will give new 20 weeks of full pay at full pay .
how one 19-year-old illinois man is distorting national polling averages .
bob dylan will not attend nobel ceremony .
media remain hostile to donald trump even as some pundits admit they blew it .
bob dylan wins nobel literature prize .
hillary has a power that no one can take away . not even trump .
retweeted fox news awake in a nightmare murdered california officers identified as new mom , 35-year .
bob dylan wins nobel prize for literature .
boom 's supersonic jets will pick up where the concorde left off .
retweeted cnn breaking news china 's foreign minister calls trump-tsai phone call '' a .
the man who invented the big mac , michael delligatti , has died at 98 .
a lorry ploughs into a christmas market in the heart of berlin , killing nine people .
it was a year to be confounded , shocked , humbled . the year in pictures .
donald trump is picking his cabinet . heres a shortlist . the new york times .
300 million children breathe highly toxic air , report says .
are there really hidden trump voters ?
peter thiel donating $ 1.25 million to donald trump 's campaign .
why i will not cast my electoral vote for donald trump .
paul ryan and [UNK] mcconnell reject donald trumps words , over and over , but not his [UNK] .
think your retirement plan is bad ? talk to a teacher .
cholera [UNK] haitis [UNK] after hurricane .
top [UNK] story emails warrant no new action against hillary clinton .
off-duty new york corrections officer shot and killed while sitting in car .
fbi backs cia view that russia intervened to help trump win election .
co2 levels mark ' new era ' in the world 's changing climate .
trump calls cost of f-35 fighter jet out of control the new york times .
should medicare allow outpatient knee replacement ? doctors are deeply split .
the sting of defeat still fresh , democrats are trying to figure out how it fell apart .
mika brzezinski says clinton campaign wanted her ' pulled off the air .
trump 's path to white house lined with false , misleading statements .
pentagon confronts a new isis threat .
depression and rage [UNK] in chicago .
ex-nfl star darren sharper sentenced to 20 years in prison as rape victims in l.a. speak out .
how trump 's calls to world leaders are upsetting decades of diplomacy .
73-year-old rocker mick jagger welcomes his eighth child .
73-year-old rocker mick jagger welcomes his eighth child .
killer whale at center of ' blackfish ' dies via cnnbrk cnn retweet .
trump picks elaine chao for transportation secretary '' property .
trump says he 'll sue sexual misconduct accusers @cnnpolitics .
salma hayek says trump planted national enquirer story about her after she turned down date offer .
musk on tesla network its not tesla vs . uber , its the people vs .
iraqi general votes to ban sale , import & amp ; production of alcohol .
the group currently has more than 20 active lawsuits involving hillary clinton .
confronting racism against asian-americans the new york times .
fbi reopens clinton probe after new emails found in anthony weiner case .
the epa has concluded that fracking [UNK] drinking water in some circumstances .
musk on tesla network its not tesla vs . uber , its the people vs .
romney confirms he 's not trump 's pick for secretary of state @cnnpolitics .
at & t formally announces it will acquire time warner [UNK] for $ 107.50 per share .
donald trump outlines policy plan for first 100 days #usefulupdates check it out here .
clinton tells fundraisers fbi comey letter sank presidential bid via the @foxnews android app .
arrests end naacp sit-in at jeff sessions ' office .
putin wo n't expel u.s. diplomats as his foreign minister urged .
top [UNK] story reading fake news , pakistani minister directs nuclear .
hollywood is living in a bubble ' and stars should n't talk politics .
a full repeal of obamacare would cost $ 350 billion .
oh great , ransomware is infecting smart tvs now .
macy 's is closing 68 stores , cutting 10,000 jobs .
warren buffett on president-elect trump he deserves everybody 's respect .
trump transition team requested security clearance for flynn jr. .
world 's largest marine protected area declared in [UNK] .
racist objects are not a thing of the past , and they are not [UNK] to [UNK] of .
obama [UNK] two new national monuments , protecting 1.35 million acres .
video uncovered of trump socializing with mob figure he & rsquo ; s denied knowing .
samsung halts galaxy note 7 production as battery problems linger .
meet the baby who was born twice '' property .
china flies nuclear-capable bomber in south china sea after trump taiwan call , us officials .
billy bush suspended from ' today ' show billy bush suspended from ' today ' show .
obama on trump tape that 's not right ' @cnnpolitics .
eu ' should prepare for returning jihadists .
i could see myself ' meeting with putin before i 'm president .
donald trump settles trump university lawsuits .
at least 6 children dead in tennessee school bus crash .
lenovo 's new vr headset is coming for less than $ 400 .
how great is america really ? check it out .
trump awkwardly behind clinton at the debate '' property .
iraqi troops inside isis-held mosul iraqi forces have entered isis-held mosul for the .
maybe the country needs trump to show ' authoritarian power ' @cnnpolitics .
istanbul reina nightclub attack ' leaves 35 dead .
historical marker honoring emmett till [UNK] with bullet [UNK] .
lock her up ? maybe not so much , giuliani and christie say #usefulupdates check it out here .
4 dead in fernwood attack , 15 others wounded in shootings .
donald trump , in louisiana , says he will end energy regulations .
what 's next for chris christie ? check out via nyt the new york times .
loretta lynchs speech against hate crimes brilliant & amp ; stinging rebuke to trumpism .
sorry for criticizing kaepernick anthem protest via the @foxnews android app .
not all the standing rock sioux are protesting the pipeline '' property .
why i donated to @eff i want to protect online rights and [UNK] .
internet-destroying outages were caused by '' amateurish '' iot malware / boing boing .
microsoft ventures launches new fund for ai startups and backs element ai incubator .
while we werent looking , snapchat revolutionized social networks .
the only enemies donald trump can see are his fellow americans via slate magazine .
industrial robots will replace manufacturing jobs and thats a good thing .
trump says he 'll sue sexual misconduct accusers @cnnpolitics .
how a putin fan overseas pushed pro-trump propaganda to americans .
peter thiel donating $ 1.25 million to donald trump 's campaign .
veteran indian actor om puri , star of [UNK] east is east , has died aged 66 .
child refugees in turkey making clothes for uk [UNK] - bbc news .
the [UNK] people , places & amp ; things donald trump has insulted on twitter a complete list .
volkswagen parts ways with the historian who chronicled its nazi past .
difference between cardiac arrest and heart attack . is their a [UNK] [UNK] ?
florida man in florida sentenced to 20 years in prison .
dakota access pipeline ceo has a cherokee music festival and a problem .
child refugees in turkey making clothes for uk [UNK] .
attacker opens fire at istanbul nightclub , news agency reports [UNK] .
the executive editor dean at the most powerful investigations of the year .
abby wambach , retired u.s. soccer star , reflects on her addiction .
the new york timess lawyer responds to donald trump .
hillary clinton selfies both a salve and a weapon the new york times .
fbi agents knew of clinton-related emails weeks before director was briefed '' property .
nordstrom 's $ 85 leather-wrapped rock has sold out .
trump star on hollywood walk of fame is smashed the new york times .
i scored [UNK] on the slate friday news quiz !
donald trump claims , with no evidence , that millions of people voted illegally .
obama on russian hacking we need to take action . and we will .
trump is angry at nbc news for using this photo of him , so please do n't use this enhanced
a mom says her son was left in tears after being [UNK] by a santa in their town .
former us ambassador , cotton back trump on taiwan call , after backlash , criticism .
australia to [UNK] refugees in us under ' one-off ' deal .
jake gyllenhaal [UNK] in a [UNK] sunday in the park with george .
bristol palin blasts artists for refusing to perform at trump inauguration .
donald trump talks at debate , but many women hear only a 2005 tape .
new fbi docs show ' bribe offer ' to agents in hillary email probe .
john mccain accidentally reveals how the gop 's supreme court strategy is backfiring .
trump summons tv figures for private meeting , and lets them have it '' property .
warren buffett to trump i have paid federal income tax every year since 1944 .
donald trump settles trump university lawsuits .
the french instagram profile is not what you think it is .
trump 's sons involved in interviewing , vetting cabinet candidates @cnnpolitics .
retweeted fox news israel summons us ambassador , as netanyahu criticizes obama administration over .
charity cant replace the safety net . this new study is a reminder why .
[UNK] rejects donald trumps call for nigel farage to be made ambassador .
crossing the line how donald trump behaved with women in private .
retweeted fox news israel summons us ambassador , as netanyahu criticizes obama administration over .
on twitter , a battle among political bots .
living in chinas expanding deserts are becoming climate refugees .
officials to close standing rock protest [UNK] .
parrot fossil unearthed in siberia - bbc news .
why [UNK] new solar roof tiles and home battery are such a big deal .
email headache returns new clinton messages show passwords , schedules flowed freely .
north carolina is using insane as crow-style voter suppression .
u.s. pushed ecuador to act against assange , nbc reports .
how a putin fan overseas pushed pro-trump propaganda to americans .
bipartisan group of senators calls for probe of russian role in 2016 us elections @cnnpolitics .
